# Build 156

2019-06-18

## Features

### Inode metrics

- Host sensor: Add inode metrics for supported filesystems on the host dashboard. Also add a health rule that triggers if inode usage is more than 80 percent.

### Other

- Python sensor: New mysqlclient package instrumentation & visibility
- Python sensor: New PyMySQL package instrumentation & visibility

## Improvements

- HAProxy sensor: Improve stability when encountering a large number of metrics
- WebLogic sensor: Improve stability when encountering a large number of metrics
- Prometheus sensor: Improve stability when encountering a large number of metrics
- Nginx sensor: Performance improvements regarding memory usage
- Python sensor: Update Flask instrumentation (now with rendering visibility and optional blinker support)
- Python sensor: Better performance through snapshot caching
- Python sensor: New module support - try it out with `python -m instana`
- Python sensor: Improve thread management & safety
- Python sensor: Better fork detection & handling
- Python sensor: More intelligent package loading semantics
- Ruby sensor: Custom Tracing: Update and improve `span.kind` handling
- Etcd sensor: Improve the connection URL handling in Docker environment
- Openshift: Display Deployment Configs on more Kubernetes dashboards
- MS SQL sensor: Allow custom rules for the number of lock requests and the number of deadlocks
- Azure sensors: More intelligent handling of Azure REST API rate limits. Multiple service principals can be used in order to handle Azure API rate limits for larger subscriptions. Resource usage optimizations.

## Fixes

- Alert settings: Fix minor issues when configuring an alert. The state of the selected Events or EventTypes got lost when switching to the other option.

## Deprecations

- The deprecated [Rules and RuleBindings API](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/1527374/RWEiLJXR?version=latest#5d4bd265-1eb5-4b35-8aac-234318f5565b) to configure Custom Events is no longer supported. Please use _/api/events/settings/event-specifications/custom_ of the [Event-Settings API](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#tag/Event-Settings) instead.
