# Build 151

2019-04-09

## Features

### Single-Page Application (SPA) Insights for End-User Monitoring

This release enriches our website end-user monitoring capabilities with single-page application (SPA) insights. It's now possible to track page transitions inside SPAs by leveraging our [page API](https://docs.instana.io/products/website_monitoring/api/#page). Along with this release comes new terminology to better model the SPA paradigm; please read up on our documentation which [explains the new terminology in detail](https://docs.instana.io/products/website_monitoring/faq/#what-is-the-difference-between-page-views-loads-and-transitions).

### Link to Built-in / Custom Event Definition from Issue Details

The details view of an issue contains a new "View Built-in Event" or "View Custom Event" link, which directly navigates to its corresponding definition in the [Events & Alerts](https://docs.instana.io/core_concepts/events_and_incidents/#configuration) settings. This makes it easier to understand why a particular issue has been created.

### OpenShift

We now support OpenShift versions 3.10 and 3.11.

### CockroachDB sensor

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors CockroachDB, a distributed cluster SQL database. [Read more about our CockroachDB support](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/cockroachdb).

## Improvements

- The [effective connection type](https://wicg.github.io/netinfo/#effective-connection-types) is collected in our website end-user monitoring.
- Analyze View: We added the `IS_BLANK` and `NOT_BLANK` operators for filtering key-value tags.
- ElasticSearch endpoint names for uncommon API operations are not "undefined" anymore.
- You can use the real Kubernetes service name instead of the container name to name a service, but you will have to opt-in. Customer Success will be glad to help you.

## Fixes

- WebHook and Splunk alert channel: Added missing `entityLabel` field in the generated alerts.
- Application perspective: Fixed broken dependency map links between services due to presence of intermediate spans.
- Analyze View: Fixed seaching with key-value pair tags with a single value.
