# Build 150

2019-03-26

## Features

### Simplified Events & Alerts Settings

With release 150, Instana provides a unified settings page for Events. The event settings define the conditions triggering issues and incidents. This replaces the old built-in/custom issues and custom rules settings.

Beside creating an Alert configuration that applies to specific event types, it is now possible to be alerted on specific events which can be selected individually. This reduces the need of having to specify a complex Dynamic Focus query to filter down to the events of interest.

The redesigned settings page to configure an Alert Channel, formerly known as an Integration, lists the configured Alerts where this Alert Channel is referenced. This helps to figure out which Events can be sent to each respective Alert Channel, such as email, OpsGenie or Slack.

More details about the new configuration pages for Events & Alerts can be found in the documentation [here](https://docs.instana.io/core_concepts/events_and_incidents/#configuration).

### Internal calls

Intermediate spans sent to the backend via SDKs ([Trace Web SDK](https://docs.instana.io/core_concepts/tracing/trace_rest_sdk/), [Java SDK](https://github.com/instana/instana-java-sdk), etc.) as well as Jaeger, Zipkin and OpenCensus spans that do not carry a `span.kind` tag are used to create `internal calls`. Internal calls inherit applications, service and endpoint from their parents, e.g., HTTP calls, to ease the search in context of particular usages. Also, tags of internal calls are searchable via the `call.tag` filter.

**IMPORTANT:** Internal calls is currently been rolled out to a few customers selected on the basis of use-cases. If you are interested in trying the functionality, reach out to your customer success representative or open a support ticket. General rollout is expected with release 151.

### New Python aiohttp Instrumentation

aiohttp is an asynchronous HTTP client/server framework for asyncio and Python.  With the latest Python sensor release, we now provide comprehensive tracing of aiohttp server and client calls.

### ActiveMQ Artemis (JBoss MQ 7+) support
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors ActiveMQ Artemis instances. Read more about our [ActiveMQ Artemis support](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/activeMQArtemis).
By supporting ActiveMQ Artemis, Instana is supporting JBoss MQ version 7 and later.

### Google Cloud SQL support
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Google Cloud SQL instances. Read more about on our [Google Cloud SQL support](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/google-cloud-sql)

### MSSQL Top-Queries
Instana now automatically extracts information about the most expensive queries on your Microsoft SQL-Server installations and displays them for further investigation on the dashboard. Read more about our [Microsoft SQL Server support](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/microsoft-sql-server)

### AWS Beanstalk support
Instana now automatically discovered and monitoring AWS Beanstalk applications (environment and its instances). Documentation can be found [here](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/aws-beanstalk)
 
## Improvements

- Filtering of incidents with Dynamic Focus: now when incidents are filtered with Dynamic Focus queries only the entity affected by the triggering issue (labeled as "triggering event" in the event list of the incident) is being matched by the Dynamic Focus query. This is the same entity which is shown in the "on" column of the incidents table. With this change negating a term in a Dynamic Focus query will filter out all incidents for which the entity affected by the triggering event is matching the negated term regardless of other events and affected entities correlated into the incident.
- Go: Span Kind cleanup and improvements
- Go: Change version tagging schema to support Go modules
- Python: Improved JSON encoding, Kind handling & SDK span support
- Python: Asynqp instrumentation Improvements
- Python: New and updated examples; Add another asynqp test
- Improve Custom metrics formatting (StatsD, Micrometer, Dropwizard)
- Tracing: Allow defining the service and endpoint name explicitly via tags when using the [Java Trace SDK](https://docs.instana.io/core_concepts/tracing/java_trace_sdk/#conversion-and-naming) or the [Trace SDK Web Service](https://docs.instana.io/core_concepts/tracing/trace_rest_sdk/)

## Fixes

- Python: Fix case when GC is disabled; Add more safeties
- Ruby: Respect custom service name in in traces
- Application configuration: `call.name` and tags prefixed with `trace.` and `log.` are removed from the list in the "Add Tag" dialog because they do not have any effect. If they are used in an existing application configuration, they can be removed manually.
- Kubernetes / OpenShift Agent installation: Updates to the YAML file for creation of the Agent DaemonSet (and similarly the Instana Agent Helm Chart) to make leader-election more robust by basing it on Pod-names instead of the hostname. See the links with updated YAML files for [Kubernetes](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_setup/container/kubernetes/#example-yaml-file) or for [OpenShift](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_setup/container/openshift/#agent-installation). Customers using the [Helm Chart](https://github.com/instana/instana-agent-helm-chart) should pull in latest changes.
