# Build 154

2019-05-21

## Features

### New Python Tornado Instrumentation

With the latest Python package release (1.11.0), we now automatically instrument your Tornado applications.  Please see the [Python documentation](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/python/) for details.

## Improvements

- The website monitoring JavaScript agent will now batch beacon transmissions for a short amount of time. This is done to more efficiently transfer data when HTTP/2 or keep-alive isn't possible.
- The JavaScript agent's snippet now protects against accidentally duplicated inclusions on websites.
- We will now apply [SameSite=Lax](https://web.dev/samesite-cookies-explained/) cookie restrictions for increased security.
- HAProxy sensor: Improve stability when encountering a large number of metrics.
- WebLogic sensor: Improve stability when encountering a large number of metrics.
- Built-in events: We improved the algorithms of built-in sudden drop/increase events in case of sparse input data.
- Maintenance windows: Improve user experience by explicitly mentioning the timezone depending on the user's configuration.
- Go Sensor: Update tests, docs and examples to use new repo name: [go-sensor](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor)
- Python Sensor: Improve JSON spans: Unify common elements
- Ruby Sensor: Expand Legacy support for ffi, oj and sys-proctable
- Ruby Sensor: Pass OJ options in to dump/load calls instead of setting them as default
- AWS Sensors: Applied exponential backoff strategy for metrics gathering

## Fixes

- The website monitoring JavaScript agent's `XMLHttpRequest` instrumentation was changed so that it is compatible with more third-party trackers.
- Go Sensor: Remove a code branch that is never followed in the Go Tracing Adapter
- Python Sensor: Update aiohttp client error reporting
