# Build 157

2019-07-02

## Features

- GraphQL tracing (see [GraphQL](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/graphql) for details)

### Sybase SQL Anywhere sensor

Instana now discovers and monitors Sybase (SAP) SQL Anywhere, embedded database for application software. [Read more about our Sybase SQL Anywhere support](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/sybase-sql-anywhere/).

## Improvements

- Php Sensor: improved CPU usage.
- Php Tracer: new and improved MongoDb instrumentation.
- Php Tracer: capture errors on IBM DB2 queries.
- Redis Sensor: added memory fragmentation ratio.
- Service Mapping: improved service naming based on JDBC connection string by using the database schema name as the service name. This enhancement provides better support and more consistency across different database technologies.
- When Amazon EC2 `Name` tags are used to name a group of hosts, the unique host naming fallbacks to FQDN, and then to the hostname. This is visible on the infrastructure map. For more information about how to collxect EC2 tags, see the [EC2 tags section](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/aws-ec2#tags).
- Agent: sensitive information is redacted from the Docker Container Info. Sensitive information is configured in `configuration.yaml` under the `com.instana.secrets`.

### UI Improvement

- Improved Trace Detail to precisely show the difference in erroneous calls and error logs.
- Error or warning logs are now displayed in the parent call.
- Settings area: on the right-hand side of the Dynamic-Focus-Query (DFQ) input field, click the _Star_ button to display a list of stored filters. Click each filter to paste it into the input field.
- Icons on the dashboard breadcrumbs, and the infrastructure map sidebar, now reflect the health status of an entity.

## Fixes

- Php Tracer: show HTTP methods in `curl_multi` calls.
- Php Tracer: fixes potential segfault in ElasticSearch instrumentation.
- Php Tracer: INSTANA_SERVICE_NAME is now picked up on Apache.
