# Build 169

2020-01-14

## Features

### Cloud Foundry

Added health-check indicators for PCF applications.

### Kafka

Added broker lag calculation support.

### Nginx tracing preview 0.7.0

Added compatibility check enforcing the OpenTracing module from Instana. Details: https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing.

### LogDNA Logging integration

In addition to Humio and Splunk, we now also support integration into LogDNA from Instana. 

## Improvements

- New tags available in Application Perspectives: 
  - Kubernetes tags: `kubernetes.cluster.managedBy` and `kubernetes.cluster.distribution`.
  - Cri-o tags: `crio.container.id`, `crio.container.name`, `crio.container.image.name`, and `crio.label`.
  - Generic container tags: `container.id`, `container.name`, `container.image.name`, and `container.label`.
- Application perspective creation: filters on tags `service.name`, `endpoint.name` and infrastructure tags such as `agent.tag` or `host.name` can now be applied to the **source** of the call.
- Built-in service mapping rules: rules based on cluster tags now take precedence over rules based on single-entity tags (e.g. `{elasticsearch.cluster.name}` over `{docker.label.com.docker.swarm.service.name}`)
- New memory metrics available Linux host: Swap free and total, memory in buffers cache, cached and available memory.
- Jenkins: support for instance running in a container. 
- Metric drop detection: sudden and complete drop detectors yield fewer false positives when the metric is very sparse.
- Host search improvement in Splunk integration: when the hostname in Instana is a shorter version of the hostname in Splunk.
- Container based agents can now be configured to report to multiple backends. Details: [here](/quick_start/agent_configuration/#configuring-multiple-backends).

## Fixes

- Fixed pagination of "Infrastructure" lists for Services in the Application Perspectives product area.
- Nginx/Envoy tracing preview 0.7.0: Several fixes for more reliable, faster agent connection, compatibility, better debugging and logging.
  - Details: https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing
- Built-in event: Unreachable cassandra nodes is now working as expected.
- Instana OpenAPI specification document fixes related to GET and PUT endpoint of Custom event specification. 

## Deprecations

- Nginx/Envoy tracing preview: `libinstana_sensor` < 0.7.0

