# Build 165

2019-11-05

## Features

- Cloud Foundry Application: Added event that catches inconsistencies between the desired amount of instances and those actually running. When the inconsistency is less then 50% the desired amount of instances, the event is a warning; below 50%, the event is an error. This rule will trigger in case of repeated crashes of Garden containers that prevent the Cloud Foundry Application from reaching a healthy state.
- The incident view was rebuild to reflect the visual changes and concepts applied in other product areas in the past as well. Also, there are some small changes and improvements to help customers understand and find their events in an easier way.

### Filtering and grouping on the source entity in Analyze
A call has both source and destination applications, service and endpoint, until now tags like `application.name` or `service.name` in Analyze are applied to the destination of calls. This feature allows to do filtering and grouping also on the source.

Infrastructure entity tags like `agent.tag` or `host.name` can also be applied to both source and destination of a call. But call tags like `call.http.path` or `call.tag` are properties on the call itself which are independent of source or destination, so the option will not be available for these tags.

Sample queries with this feature:
- What are the endpoints called by shop service? Query: filter by `service.name=shop` on the source, group by `endpoint.name` on the destination
- What are the hosts that make database calls? Query: filter by `call.type=DATABASE`, group by `host.name` on the source

## Improvements

- Golang runtime: exposing search- and analysis tags `go.app.name` and `go.version` for searching infrastructure
    entities and traces / calls.
- MongoDB: Calls to a MongoDB cluster are mapped to a service named after the cluster replica set name.
- Nginx: Call to Nginx can be filtered by **Nginx** technology.
- AWS RDS: Improved metrics gathering for the CPU credit usage and CPU credit balance.
- Kubernetes 1.15 support
- Kubernetes namespace dashboard now shows used requests and limits even when no resource quota is set

## Fixes

- AWS RDS: Fixed false positives for CPU credit balance health event.
- Couchbase: Fixed service mapping using cluster name and fallback to host name. Added endpoint mapping rule using bucket name.
- Docker: Fixed false positives for memory usage health event.
- Fixes issue that an Application could only be selected for the scope of a Custom Event, Alert or Maintenance Window when the `canConfigureApplications` permission was granted.
