# Build 161

2019-08-27

## Features

### Pipeline Feedback: Releases

With the roll out of our new feature called Pipeline Feedback, users of Instana will now be able to easily visualize, identify and correlate issues that may occur when a new release becomes available to their customers. As a first step, we introduce the Release Markers capability.
A Release Marker represents a single release, which defines the moment in time when a change in code, infrastructure or architecture becomes generally available. These are then shown as annotations on every chart and serve as a reference point to quickly spot the impact of the deployed changes with respect to system health or application performance.
Further information can be found [here](https://docs.instana.io/core_concepts/pipeline_feedback/) in the Documentation.

### Resource timing support for XHR / Fetch

The JavaScript agent now collects resource timing data, e.g. DNS / TCP / SSL timings, whenever provided by the
browser. These new timings are visible within website dashboard, analyze and the page load view.

### Backend Correlation for Resources

So far our backend correlation was restricted to website page loads and usages of the `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` API.
Now we also support backend correlation for retrieved resources whenever possible.

### Table column configuration

We started with work on making table columns configurable. Therefore, in the Kubernetes Pods table, users can now choose which columns are important for them and which are not.
Note the gear icon on the last table column. The configuration is stored on a user level.

### NATS and NATS streaming tracing

Support for tracing messages published to and consumed from [NATS and NATS streaming](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/nats) has been added for the Node.js runtime.

### Cloud Foundry

Several small additions when working with Cloud Foundry environments:
- Grouping containers on the map based on Application or Space.
- Searching for containers using dynamic focus queries based on CF Application, Space or Org.
- AP Service naming based on the CF Application name tag.

### New call tags

- Traces and calls can now be grouped and filtered by `runtime` and `process.name` in Analyze view.

## Improvements

- Better support for spans of type "Messaging" for Jaeger and Zipkin.

## Fixes

- Filtering / grouping by beacon meta data keys is now case insensitive.
- The analyze filters `is present` and `is not present` are now also case insensitive for HTTP header keys and beacon meta data keys.
- Fixes problem that Incidents did not get created in situations when there is a spike in the number of Kubernetes events.
- Kubernetes events are not shown as Change events in the Events Timeline anymore.
- Docker Agent image now correctly allows version pinning via the `INSTANA_AGENT_UPDATES_VERSION` ENV variable.
- PostgreSQL database list updated as soon as a database is added or removed
