# Build 166

2019-11-19

## Features

### Native AWS Lambda Tracing

As an alternative to [X-Ray integration](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/aws-xray/), Instana now offers _native_ tracing for AWS Lambda functions. This new native tracing of AWS Lambda functions provides three big advantages over the previous X-Ray based tracing:

* The tracing of Lambda functions now seamlessly correlates with tracing of other components monitored via the Instana agent.
* Instana can now differentiate among traces coming from different versions of the same AWS Lambda function.
* Reduced need of pulling costly X-Ray data from AWS.

This feature is currently only available for AWS Lambda functions based on the Node.js runtime.

### Monitor AWS Lambda Versions Independently

Previously we aggregated metrics for all [versions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-versions.html) of the same AWS Lambda function. Starting with this release, we monitor all versions independently and show metrics for each version. This allows you to easily compare the behaviour between different versions (for example, when publishing a new version to production).

### Splunk to Instana

Configure your Splunk dashboards and navigate to Instana entities directly from your logs. See more information [here](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/splunk/).

### Nomad TLS

Instana now supports monitoring Nomad instances with TLS enabled. See more information [here](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/nomad/#tls-support).

### Showing Inbound or All Calls within Application Perspectives

Where previously certain dashboards within Application Perspectives used to show just the "Inbound" calls, and other
dashboards showed "All" calls and related metrics, with release 166 it's possible to switch between these perspectives.

See our docs for more information: [Show Inbound or All Calls](https://docs.instana.io/products/application_service_management/#showing-inbound-or-all-calls-within-application-perspectives)

### JavaScript Stack Trace Translation

JavaScript stack trace translation provides readable and more actionable stack traces within our website monitoring area. Instead of mangled and unreadable stack traces we will show references to locally existing files whenever possible. Head to our [dedicated documentation](https://docs.instana.io/products/website_monitoring/faq/#javascript-stack-trace-translation) to learn more.

### PostgreSQL Replication Delay

Instana now supports monitoring replication delay presented in bytes and seconds. See more information [here](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/postgresql/#index.md).

## Improvements

- Calls to Consul nodes are now mapped to a service whose name is the Consul cluster name.
- OpsGenie integration: Alerts for Incidents do now have priority P1 instead of P2. The priority P2 will be used by critical Issues only.
- AWS ELB sensor: Optimized fetching load balancers
- Kubernetes dashboards: Display cluster icons for GKE and EKS. Also display an additional Rancher icon for clusters managed by Rancher.
- Dynamic Focus: We introduced 2 new keywords `entity.kubernetes.cluster.distribution` and `entity.kubernetes.cluster.managedBy` that enables searching for a Kubernetes cluster by distribution and management layer. Supported values for `entity.kubernetes.cluster.distribution` are `gke`, `eks`, `openshift` and `kubernetes`. Supported values for `entity.kubernetes.cluster.managedBy` are `rancher` and `none`.

## Fixes

- Releases API: The ID length for a release marker is not limited to 42 characters anymore.
- Alert notifications: "Container Names" attribute is not generally added to e.g. Slack messages anymore as "not available" when empty.
- The PagerDuty alerting channel is now using PagerDuty Event API v2, since v1 is deprecated.

## Deprecations

- Another reminder that we are deprecating support for the `extensions/v1beta1` and `apps/v1beta2` API versions for DaemonSet, Deployment, and ReplicaSet in our Kubernetes Sensor, following the [announcement from Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/) that these deprecated API versions will soon be removed in Kubernetes v1.16. Please update to our latest [helm chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/instana-agent), [Kubernetes agent YAML](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_setup/container/kubernetes/) or [OpenShift agent YAML](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_setup/container/openshift/).
