# Build 164

2019-10-22

## Features

- We've introduced "Starts With" and "Ends With" operators for use in Analyze and the Application Perspective creation dialogue.
- Exclude specific website data from being transmitted to Instana using the [ignoreUrls](https://docs.instana.io/products/website_monitoring/api/#excluding-urls-from-tracking) API:
  - additionally suppresses _any_ data transmission when the document URL matches one of the regular expressions, and
  - suppresses data transmission for resources when the resource URL matches one of the regular expressions while
  - continuing to suppress data transmission for `XMLHttpRequest` and `fetch` requests when the called URL matches one of the regular expressions.

### Splunk Logging

Configure your Splunk Instance and see a direct link to your logs from views in Instana. For configuration details, see [Splunk](/ecosystem/splunk/).

## Improvements

- If the root call of a trace correlates with EUM information, the relevant information is now displayed in the Call Details.
- You can now search for `entity.aws.accountId` for all aws services that run in a specific AWS account. 

## Fixes

- Alerts: container-specific labels were missing in alert notifications for container entities, such as Docker.
- Analyze: merged the `call.technologies` and `call.technology` tags to `technology`.
- Renamed the Cloud Foundry tags from `cf.XXX` to `cloudfoundry.XXX`.

## Deprecations

- Dynamic Focus: Queries with a leading wildcard in the default context without a specified keyword, for example, `*server`, are not supported anymore as they lead to poor performance. However, when specifying a keyword, leading wildcard queries are still supported, for example, `entity.host.name:*server`.
- We are deprecating support for the `extensions/v1beta1` and `apps/v1beta2` API versions for DaemonSet, Deployment, and ReplicaSet in our Kubernetes Sensor, following the [announcement from Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/07/18/api-deprecations-in-1-16/) that these deprecated API versions will soon be removed in Kubernetes v1.16. Please update to our latest [helm chart](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/instana-agent), [Kubernetes agent YAML](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_setup/container/kubernetes/) or [OpenShift agent YAML](https://docs.instana.io/quick_start/agent_setup/container/openshift/).
