# Build 176

2020-04-28

## Features

### VMware Tanzu & Cloud Foundry

* VMware Kubernetes Grid clusters, formerly known as Pivotal Container Service (PKS), are now automatically recognized and marked as such in the Instana UI.
* Introduced notion of `foundation`, which is applicable to both PKS and TAS and allows you to group and filter in Instana by the Tanzu foundation name.
  * Added Dynamic Focus Query for Tanzu Foundation: `entity.tanzu.foundation.name`  
  * Added Unbounded Analytics for Tanzu Foundation: `tanzu.foundation.name`
  * Added Dynamic Focus Query capabilities for PCF-Events using Application/Service relationships e.g. `entity.application.name` and `entity.service.name`.
* Tracing Ruby applications in Cloud Foundry is now generally available.
* Tracing PHP applications in Cloud Foundry is now experimental: the tracing itself works great and is entirely automated; we need to correlate to the infrastructure (Cloud Foundry app and below) correctly.

## Improvements

* _Applications_ and _Websites & Mobile Apps_ charts: changing time scale bucket sizes to divisors of 24, so that
buckets map to the same times each day. This will simplify metric comparison between days.
* Cloud Foundry application issues are not correlated with Application Perspectives, Services and Endpoints associated with those Cloud Foundry applications.
* Exposed Ruby on Rails tags for searching (internal) calls using `call.ruby.onrails.actioncontroller.name`, `call.ruby.onrails.actioncontroller.action` and `call.ruby.onrails.actionview.name`.
* Exposed PHP script name and total compile time in call details. The tag `call.php.compileTime` can be used for searching in _Unbounded Analytics_.
* Alert Channels: SmartAlert configurations are now included in the alerts list of an alert channel detail page.
* The origin of the Instana agents in the `Agents` view in Instana is now `tile`. The Instana agents installed on PKS worker nodes will be reported as `public docker` for consistency with other Kubernetes deployment means.
* Rebranding of PKS to VMware Kubernetes Grid
* Greatly improved the efficiency deployment mechanism of Instana agent Docker images on Kubernetes Grid worker nodes.

## Fixes

* Service labeling in the Application Perspectives are for MySQL database endpoints, when using the MySQLi PHP adapter.
* Fixed relationship between Kafka Cluster and Producer/Consumer JVMs, the metrics are displayed on the cluster dashboard 
and available on the JVM entity level through the API.
* Snap End User Monitoring timeframe to time buckets for metrics consistency.
* Custom Events:
  * Fix issue that the 50th and 99th metric of a Dropwizard Timer or Histogram as Custom Metric did not yield any events.
  * Resolve usability issues of the Built-in metric selector.
* Fix race condition between BOSH updates and agent updates in dynamic mode.
