# Build 178

2020-05-26

## Features

### Custom Dashboards: Open Beta

We're thrilled to open our custom dashboards beta to all customers. To get started, head over to the [custom dashboard docs](https://docs.instana.io/custom_dashboards/).

### Collection of Web Vitals in Website Monitoring

Our JavaScript agent now automatically collects the core and extended [Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals/) for page loads! You can find these within the website dashboards, the website monitoring analyze features and within the page load view.

In order to properly collect these **you might have to update your website monitoring snippet**. This updated version will ensure that the JavaScript agent gets enabled earlier in the page load phase (technically before `DOMContentLoaded`). You can find the updated website monitoring snippet within the *Configuration* tab of the website dashboard.

### Instana AutoProfile™ for Node.js and Go (Open Beta)

In addition to Instana AutoProfile™ for the JVM, AutoProfile™ is now also available for Node.js and Go. Instana AutoProfile™ is a new continuous production profiling capability that allows you to capture profiles from your running apps automatically. For detailed information, see our [Instana AutoProfile™ docs](https://docs.instana.io/profiling/).


## Improvements

### Context Guide

- Upstream / Downstream now available on Infrastructure Dashboards.
- Stack on Infrastructure Dashboards now shows number of calls to Applications served by this infrastructure.

### Unbounded Analytics

- Added PHP Peak Memory Usage as a `call.php.peakMemoryUsageInKB` tag.
- Added JMS Data Type as a `call.java.jms.type` tag.

### Custom Events for Dynamic Built-in Metrics

- The feature introduced in the previous release has been extended to now supported all available entity types to define Custom Events on _dynamic_ metrics.
- The sub-entity causing the event is now included in the details page.

### Custom Service Mapping

- Custom Service Mapping: Multiple [custom service mapping rules](https://docs.instana.io/application_monitoring/services/#customize-service-mapping) can be defined.

### Website & Mobile App Monitoring

 - Charts now support the *View in Analytics* action which makes it easier to go to analytics and learn about the various supported data sources and tags.
 - HTTP request dashboards are now structurally closer aligned to their *Applications* counterparts.
 - All available metrics can now be configured in analyze and custom dashboards.
 - Improved guidance when JavaScript stack trace translation fails due to incomplete SSL certificate chains.

## Fixes

- Context Guide stack now loads faster on large environments
- Fixed various visual issues with Context Guide Stack
- WebHook Integration: All fields which are listed in the default JSON are used on every open event notification 
