# Build 175

2020-04-14

## Features

### Kafka Connect

Instana now supports monitoring of Kafka Connect. For more information, see the [Kafka Connect docs](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/kafkaconnect).

### Vault Sensor

Instana now supports monitoring of HashiCorp Vault. This includes a built-in dashboard that displays key metrics about your instances’ availability, secrets, tokens, audit logs, engine errors and more. For more information, see the [Vault docs](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/vault).

### VMware Tanzu, Cloud Foundry, Pivotal Container Service (PKS)

- Tracing Ruby applications in Cloud Foundry is now generally available.
- Tracing PHP applications in Cloud Foundry is now experimental; the tracing itself works very well and is entirely automated; we need to perform a few changes to correlate the infrastructure correctly.

## Improvements

- A detailed error is show on Unbounded Analytics when grouping on a tag is not supported.
- The VMware Tanzu foundation name is now visible in the Cloud Foundry dashboards and can be filtered for.
- PKS clusters are marked as `Managed by Pivotal Container Service` in the Kubernetes dashboards.
- `cloudfoundry.app.id`, `cloudfoundry.app.name` and `cloudfoundry.app.instance_index` tags are renamed to `cloudfoundry.application.id`, `cloudfoundry.application.name` and `cloudfoundry.application.instance_index`.
- The origin of the Instana agents in the `Agents` view in Instana is now `tile`; the Instana agents installed on PKS worker nodes will be reported as `public docker` for consistency with other Kubernetes deployment means.
- Kafka sensor: Improved auto-discovery of `server.properties` file path and enabled specification via sensor configuration.
- RabbitMQ sensor: Enhanced support for selecting which queues are going to be monitored with regular expressions.

## Fixes

- Event View: Fixed that the chart on top of the event list disappeared when the browser window is resized.
- Synthetic Endpoint Configuration: Fixed the link from endpoints and affected services to Unbounded Analytics.
