# Build 171

2020-02-11

## Features

### Instana Smart Alerts

Instana Smart Alerts is a new intelligent alerting capability that allows you to receive alerts automatically tailored for an arbitrary subset of the web site traffic. The alerts are derived from out-of-the-box alert blueprints such as website slowness, JavaScript errors, and HTTP status codes. For detailed information, see our [Instana Smart Alerts docs](https://docs.instana.io/products/website_monitoring/smart_alerts).

### Cloud Foundry

- Added Instana service to PCF Application mapping.
- Added health event which triggers if required number of PCF Application instances changes more then three times in the past five minutes.

### Kafka

- Instana now supports monitoring of Kafka clients (consumers/producers) which are part of Java applications. For more information, see the [Kafka docs](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/kafka).
- Added aggregated values for topic metrics on the cluster level.

### Nvidia GPU Monitoring

Instana now supports monitoring of various Nvidia Tesla, Quadro, GeForce graphics cards. For more informations, see the [Host docs](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/host/#individual-gpu-usage).

### Humio logging integration

Configure your Humio dashboards and navigate to Instana entities directly from your logs. See more information [here](https://docs.instana.io/ecosystem/humio/).

## Improvements

- Kubernetes 1.16 support.

### Applications and services dashboards

- Referring to erroneous calls as "Erroneous Calls" instead of as more ambiguous term "Errors".
- Added "Erroneous Calls" metric to show a number of erroneous calls. Erroneous calls were previously shown only as "Erroneous Call Rate".
- Added vSphere tags for Datacenter, Host, VM name and VM state.
- Added tags for GPU model and number of GPUs running in the Host.

### PHP

- Trace Sensor 1.1.18: fix JSON detection when also using ext/memcached
- Trace Sensor 1.1.19: fix bug preventing connections to Apache
- Tracer 1.6: more fine grained error detection on ext/memcached spans
- Tracer 1.6: instrument delete and flush operations in ext/memcached
- Tracer 1.6: capture connection details from .ini in ext/mysqli
- Tracer 1.6: support getting a connection from Predis Cluster
- UI: PHP spans will now render script names and arguments
