# Build 184

2020-08-18

# Zend Framework support

- Added Zend Framework (v2.5 through v3.1) and Laminas (v3.1) support via the 1.9.0 PHP Extension.
  We collect route, controller, action and module information so you can
  slice and dice the calls directed at your application.

## Features

- Website page transition analysis is now supported via the user interface.
- Website custom events and page transitions analysis are now supported via the API.
- Website page transition metrics are now supported within custom dashboards.
- The host agent is now capable of automatically creating the Git repository for the Git-based configuration management, and it is seamlessly integrated in the agent Docker images and the OneLiner. Refer to the [Git-based Configuration Management documentation](https://instana.com/docs/setup_and_manage/host_agent/configuration/git_ops#setup) for more information.
- PHP Framework support in Unbounded Analytics now allows you to filter your calls by controller, action, route and module (if present). Available call tags for filtering added:
  - `call.php.zf.action` - The ZendFramework action invoked
  - `call.php.zf.controller` - The ZendFramework controller invoked
  - `call.php.zf.module` - The ZendFramework module invoked
  - `call.php.zf.route` - The ZendFramework route invoked
  - `call.php.laminas.action` - The Laminas action invoked
  - `call.php.laminas.controller` - The Laminas controller invoked
  - `call.php.laminas.module` - The Laminas module invoked
  - `call.php.laminas.route` - The Laminas route invoked
  - `call.php.symfony.action` - The Symfony action invoked
  - `call.php.symfony.controller` - The Symfony controller invoked
  - `call.php.symfony.route` - The Symfony route invoked
  - `call.php.laravel.action` - The Laravel action invoked
  - `call.php.laravel.controller` - The Laravel controller invoked
  - `call.php.laravel.route` - The Laravel route invoked
- Website SmartAlerts are now shown in a dedicated lane below all website dashboard charts. Refer to the [Website Monitoring documentation](https://instana.com/docs/website_monitoring/) for more information.
- Go sensor [`v1.17.0`](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/v1.17.0) has added support for capturing the HTTP headers and query string parameters.
- [Instana Tracing for Kubernetes NGINX Ingress](https://github.com/instana/ingress-nginx-tracing) technology preview has been added dropping the need for the Zipkin tracer.

### Unbounded Analytics: Latency Distribution

New latency distribution chart in Unbounded Analytics to quickly identify and filter outliers.

## Improvements

- Guided Application Perspective creation with preview of matched services preview
- The user interface's page load performance has been improved.
- Endpoint mapping is more resilient when path template is not captured due to missing entry span or client side error.

## Fixes

- NGINX tracing `v1.1.0`: Fixed the agent discovery for kernels without `/proc/$pid/sched` file.
- Boolean values are now correctly presented within the trace view.
- An uncaught error within the profiles user interface for profiled JVMs no longer occurs.
- Fixed metric formatting for several kinds of metrics, e.g. ping sensor's duration metric.
- Solr, Docker and RabbitMQ metrics are now available in Instana API.
- In the Agent Onboarding dialog, when copying `bash`, Dockerfiles and `cmd` scripts via the `COPY` button, the entire content is now copied in the clipboard.
- Custom Offline Events: Fixed a caching issue which caused that some events did not contain metadata such as entity label, FQDN or tags in case that entity just went offline.
