# Build 201

2021-05-18

## Features

### Infrastructure and Platform Metrics in Custom Dashboards

Instana now provides all Infrastructure and Platform metrics as a new Data Source in Custom Dashboards.
Built-in and custom metrics from entity dashboards can be displayed in Custom Dashboards allowing ad-hoc queries across multi-dimensional tags.
E.g. Visualize CPU metrics in a cluster across a subset of Pods while displaying 95th percentile.
See [Custom Dashboards](https://instana.com/docs/custom_dashboards/) for more details and on how to get started.

### Node.js

Added instrumentation for AWS Kinesis

### Ruby

[AutoProfile](https://instana.com/docs/profiling/) support for Ruby is available.

### Custom Process Names

The name for infrastructure entities for runtimes (Golang, JVM, Haskell, .NET, Node.js, PHP, Python, Ruby) can now be customized with the environment variable `INSTANA_PROCESS_NAME`.

## Improvements

* Unbounded Analytics: Improved ungrouped view for calls and traces by supporting the same chart metric and aggregation selection as in grouped view.
* Java Trace Sensor: Add tracing support for Java 16 and 17, add support for Java HTTP Client.
* IBM Cloud Platform Services Sensor: Add support for IBM Cloud Databases for Redis and IBM Cloud Databases for PostgreSQL.

## Fixes

* IBM MQ: Correct dependency of topic and listener.
* Kubernetes: Fix some situations where cluster metrics were not correctly reported or were reported as zero.
* Application events: The link to Unbound Analytics applies the correct boundary scope of the application name filter used.
