# Build 203

2021-06-15

## Features

- Add support for AWS SDK Lambda Invoke call
- IBM Cloud Platform sensor added support for IBM Cloud Container Registry, IBM Cloud Schematics and IBM VPN for VPC
- Invoking AWS Lambda functions via the AWS SDK (Lambda#invoke, Lambda#invokeAsync) is now captured and also correlated into the trace for Go and Node.js
- AWS Lambda executions that are cold starts are now marked as such in unbounded analytics (for Node.js based Lambdas, other runtimes will follow).
- Imminent timeouts of AWS Lambda functions are detected and shown as such in unbounded analytics (for Node.js based Lambdas, other runtimes will follow).

### IBM i Series and Db2 on i monitoring

Instana now supports remote monitoring of multiple IBM i Series instances.
The monitored IBM i Series instance will be displayed as a tower on your Infrastructure Map as well as the Db2 on i will be presented as a running process within the tower.
OS related metrics are collected from various system tables, as well as the database related metrics are collected using the built-in IBM i Series Collection Services.
The supported versions are: 7.2, 7.3 and 7.4.

This includes:

- IBM i Series OS level metrics - a built-in dashboard that displays system and memory pool metrics. For more information, refer to the [IBM i Series docs](https://www.instana.com/docs/ecosystem/ibmios/).
- Db2 on i - a built-in dashboard that displays Active Queries, various Operations, Plan Cache and SQL Cursor metrics. For more information, refer to the [Db2 on i docs](https://www.instana.com/docs/ecosystem/ibmidb2/).

### IBM APM V8 integration support

Instana now supports integration with IBM Application Performance Monitoring V8. Supported V8 agents attached to an APM V8 server can be integrated with
the Instana server. Metrics and identity information from the APM V8 agents is forwarded to the Instana server. Host, process and IBM Datapower entities and metrics will
appear on the Infrastructure map. Supported V8 agents are:

- Linux OS
- Window OS
- Unix OS on AIX
- IBM Datapower

### IBM MQ tracing support (Technical Preview)

Instana now supports tracing IBM MQ messages on xLinux 64. For more information, refer to the [IBM MQ docs](https://www.instana.com/docs/ecosystem/ibmmq/#tracing).

### IBM Z HMC monitoring (Technical Preview)

Instana now supports remote monitoring of zHMC. This includes a built-in dashboard that displays key metrics. For more information, refer to the [IBM Z HMC docs](https://www.instana.com/docs/ecosystem/zHMC/)

### Sensor and Agent enhancements

- WebSphere Application
  - Added EJB metrics ResponseTime and ResponseCount
  - Added session manager metrics CreateCount and InvalidateCount
  - Added thread pool metrics ConcurrentHungThreadCount and DeclaredThreadHungCount
- IBM Db2 LUW
  - Added various metrics related to Top queries, Lock wait, Agent status, DBM Config usage, workload and UOW as metrics collections.
  - Added detailed table views for DB & DBM configurations, Top Queries, Lock wait, Top Total CPU, Log Disk Wait, Runstats and Diag Log entries.
- With Agent 1.1.602 its possible to set `mode.web-override.allowed = false` in the file `<agent-installation>/etc/instana/com.instana.agent.main.config.Agent.cfg` to disable the possibility of overriding the Agent Mode directly from the Instana UI.

### Localization

You can now inspect the Instana product in nine additional languages. While we aren't finished yet with the product's localization (see known issues), we hope you can already benefit from this. The language can be configured within the product's general user settings (Settings ➡ User Settings ➡ General). With this release, we are supporting the following languages:

- Chinese (China),
- Chinese (Taiwan),
- English,
- French,
- German,
- Italian,
- Japanese,
- Korean,
- Portuguese (Brazil) and
- Spanish.

### Trace logs for Unbounded Analytics (beta)

We are excited to announce that Logs has joined the Unbounded Analytics family! You can now explore WARN and ERROR Trace Logs outside the context of a Call or Trace. While the feature is in beta, please provide us feedback using the link on top of the Logs page (Analytics > Application > Logs).

_For the time being, this feature is only available for our SaaS customers._

## Improvements

- .Net Core Tracer: Added support for [AWS SDK S3 version 3.7.](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AWSSDK.S3/3.7.0.32)
- OpenTelemetry: Improved discoverability of tags in Unbounded Analytics
- Java Trace Sensor: Added support for WebSphere EJB tracing
- Go Sensor: versions [v1.30.0](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/v1.30.0) and [instrumentation/instagin/v1.0.0](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/instrumentation%2Finstagin%2Fv1.0.0) were released. Support for Gin framework was added.

## Fixes

- IBM MQ:
  - Event enhancement.
  - Add poll rate for each queue manager.
  - DFQ enhancements - Now you can search by Channel, Cluster, Queue or Queue Manager.
- IBM DataPower:
  - Support appliance down status.
- Java Trace Sensor: Correctly trace asynchronous GraphQL calls
- PHP
  - Fixed critical regression issue caused extension to crash
  - Fixed firing an exception on Yii framework
  - Limited profilier stack depth to prevent memory overflow in the agent
  - A number of code improvements and fixes

## Known Issues

- Some parts of the Instana product are not yet localized or encounter layout issues through localization.
