# Build 213

2021-11-02

## Features

### IBM Power HMC monitoring (Technical Preview)
IBM Power HMC Sensor support in Instana is 'Technical Preview' to showcase the remote monitoring of Power HMC as a platform. This includes a built-in dashboard that displays key metrics.

### AWS proxy configuration

AWS SDK enabled proxy configuration using `HTTP_PROXY` and `HTTPS_PROXY` environment. Once configured, proxy configuration settings were applied to all sensors and API clients within the Instana agent. On the other hand, customers needed a way to apply proxy configuration settings to the subset of AWS sensors and API clients in order to avoid additional traffic through their corporate proxy in situations where they can use VPC endpoint, for example. AWS Sensor 1.0.110 enables proxy configuration for individual sensors and API clients, and adds improvements that meet some specifics that come with multiple AWS account monitoring within the China region, using the STS assume role approach.

### Node.js

* Introduced an `issue event` that is triggered if the application uses an EOL (end of life) version of Node.js. Not applicable for serverless environments.
* Instrumentation of SNS for the AWS SDK v2.
* Loading indicators on custom dashboards are more fluid
* Remove dependency to node-gyp. This also removes the opt-in feature of rebuilding native add-ons via node-gyp. This capability was off by default in previous releases, it could be enabled via `INSTANA_REBUILD_NATIVE_ADDONS_ON_DEMAND=true`. This is no longer available, the environment variable will be ignored now.

### AWS Lambda cold start and timeout detection in Go

With the latest [release `v1.4.0`](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/instrumentation%2Finstalambda%2Fv1.4.0) of AWS Lambda instrumentation module we added support for detecting and reporting Lambda cold starts as well as handler timeouts.

## Improvements
* IBM i OS: Added new Metrics
  - Network connections info (Top Receivers,Top Senders)
  - Network interfaces
  - User defined Active Jobs
* NGINX Tracer: Improved tracing for sub-requests when the `auth_request` directive is used.
* C++ Sensor: Report master PID instead of worker PID for better infrastructure correlation.
* Cassandra Sensor: Added support for Cassandra version 4.x.
* Websites Smart Alerts: Add option to measure user impact for the selected time window either aggregated or per-window.
* Tibco EMS Sensor:
  - Added support for Tibco EMS 8.6.0
  - Improve driver handling
  - Other performance improvements

## Fixes

* Node.js Tracer
  * Capture HTTP status codes for GraphQL requests over HTTP.
  * Manual spans creation handles tags that are passed as non extensible objetcts - when `Object.freeze` or `Object.preventExtensions` is applied to the tags
* NGINX Tracer: Correct handling of requests where X-INSTANA-L is set to zero.
