# Build 216

2022-01-11

## ACTION REQUIRED: New Container Image Locations

**This change affects customers who consume Instana-related container images from the public Docker Hub registry.**

All container images that have been previously published via the Docker Hub registry will be published via the public IBM Cloud container registry going forward. The images can be downloaded without authentication from the IBM Cloud container registry. Images that are made available via Instana's own registry at `containers.instana.io` are not affected by this change.

The following table lists the affected images with their new locations:

| Docker Hub Image                   | IBM Cloud Container Registry Image           | Note |
| ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| `instana/agent`                    | `icr.io/instana/agent`                       | No change for `containers.instana.io/instana/release/agent/*` |
| `instana/aws-fargate-nodejs`       | `icr.io/instana/aws-fargate-nodejs`          | No change for `containers.instana.io/instana/release/aws/fargate/nodejs` |
| `instana/aws-lambda-nodejs`        | `icr.io/instana/aws-lambda-nodejs`           | |
| `instana/google-cloud-run-nodejs`  | `icr.io/instana/google-cloud-run-nodejs`     | No change for `containers.instana.io/instana/release/google/cloud-run/nodejs` |
| `instana/instana-agent-operator`   | `icr.io/instana/instana-agent-operator`      | |
| `instana/instrumentation`          | `icr.io/instana/instrumentation`             | |
| `instana/leader-elector`           | `icr.io/instana/leader-elector`              | |

Existing image repositories on Docker Hub's container image registry will be kept around until at least June 2022, but images in these repositories will not be updated anymore. Only the repositories on the IBM Cloud container registry will receive updates. At some point after July 2022 the Docker Hub image repositories will become unavailable.

Make sure to update all your references to the mentioned images before July 2022.

## Features

### Custom Geographic Details for Websites & Mobile Apps

Custom geographic details is a new capability that allows the configuration of mapping rules from an IP address range to geographic details (coordinates, city, country…). Many customers, especially large corporations and self-hosted customers, have been longing for the ability to configure custom geographic details for their websites and mobile apps. For example, to give IP addresses representing office complexes a specific name or to define mapping rules for private IP ranges (which are currently always unmapped)!

### Configurable Privacy Rules for Websites & Mobile Apps

Since its inception, Instana always took a stance for users by anonymizing user-identifiable data and avoiding evil practices like device fingerprinting and others. We did so for the benefit of our customers and their end-users. Some of our customers find themselves facing even stricter privacy regulations. To support these customers, it is now possible to configure our anonymization approach. For websites and mobile apps, it is now possible

-	to anonymize IP addresses even further and
-	to remove specific geographic details.

The configuration options can be found within website and mobile app dashboards’ configuration tabs.

**Note:** It is intentionally not possible to configure a more lenient approach to privacy.

### Redacting Secrets from URLs for Websites
Query parameters in collected URLs for websites may contain sensitive data. The JavaScript agent supports the specification of patterns for query parameter keys whose values shall be redacted.

### Capture HTTP request/response headers for XMLHttpRequest/Fetch in Websites monitoring
The JavaScript agent supports collection of HTTP request/response headers for XMLHttpRequest/Fetch.

### Custom events view for Mobile Apps
A custom event view on the mobile app's dashboards to provide insights of our custom events system for the mobile app.

### Display and filter by exception details for Serilog

For exceptions logged with Serilog, the exception type and message are now shown in Unbounded Analytics under Logs.
It is also possible to filter by exception type and message.

### Zookeeper Zxid

The Zookeeper sensor now collects the transaction id (zxid) with its limit, and this field is also available for defining custom health events.

### IdP Group Mapping

A new configuration page was added to set up Instana to automatically map users to certain Instana groups depending on the attributes set on the Identity Provider (IdP).

The new IdP Group Mapping configuration can be accessed on the Authentication tab on settings.

## Improvements

* [NGINX Tracer 1.3.0](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing/tree/1.3.0#130-2021-12-09): Made the tracer connecting faster to the Instana agent.
* Zookeeper Sensor: Improved detection of a new role in case of leader election in Zookeeper cluster.
* IBM MQ Sensor:
  - Supported monitoring two queue managers with the same name.
    Note: It applies to the scenario that two Instana agents report to the same Instana backend and they monitor two queue managers with the same name.
  - Added Queue Depth Percentage, Open Input Count, Open Output Count metrics to Queue Table.
  - Updated Queue Usage Table name to Queue Usage by application to clarify difference with Queue Table.
  - Changed Publishers to Publications to be consistent with Subscriptions.
  - Removed Reset in Queue dashboard to avoid confusion as Reset time is the same as poll rate.
* Couchbase Sensor: Improved processing of the following metrics: Active items resident in cache, Cache miss, Docs fragmentation
* IBM i OS Sensor:
  - Added new metrics `History Log` to show top 20 messages from the history log based on user filters.
  - Message Queue - Support for message queue events based on user input
* IBM Z HMC Sensor:
  - Added new metric groups like `Network interface metric group` for DPM mode and `RoCE adapters` for Classic mode.
  - Added support for critical events to be sent from HMCs and CPCs to Instana for processing.
* IBM Power HMC Sensor:
  - Added supoort for following metrics:
    - Processor, memory and network metrics for `managed systems`.
    - Processor and memory metrics for `hypervisors`.
    - Processor, memory, network and storage metrics for `LPARs` and `VIOSes`.
* Custom Payload in Alerts: Change events do now include static custom payload values in alert notifications.
* [Go Tracer v1.38.3](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/v1.38.3): Implement W3C header tracestate limitations according to the specification.

## Fixes

* [NGINX Tracer 1.3.0](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing/tree/1.3.0#130-2021-12-09): Now dropping spans if there is no agent connection to align with other tracers.
* IBM MQ Sensor:
  - Fixed not reset queue manager issue when connection is recovered.
  - Fixed monitoring MQ for z/OS issue.
* RabbitMQ Sensor: The processing data issue that prevents the dashboard from being displayed is now resolved.
* Docker Sensor: Changed the throttling count metric source from `periods` to `nr_throttled`.
* Azure Queue Endpoint Name: Changed the name of Azure Queue Endpoint to Queue name.
* WebLogic Sensor: The Health state code is extended with a description in the UI and the built-in event.
* IBM ACE Sensor: Fixed no warning message when connection is broken.
* SpringBoot Sensor: Fixed false-positive changes on Java configuration
* VMware Tanzu: Instana Microservices Application Monitoring [1.215.1](https://network.pivotal.io/products/instana-microservices-application-monitoring) released to the Tanzu Nework.
* Instana Agent Bosh release: Version 1.215.1 is available within the Instana [artifactory](https://artifact-public.instana.io/artifactory/shared/com/instana/bosh/).
