# Build 219

2022-02-22

## Features

### Cross-series SUM on custom dashboards for infrastructure

Custom dashboards for infrastructure are now capable of performing a cross-series `SUM` aggregation in addition to the existing cross-time aggregations. This also unlocks performing a `SUM` over-time aggregation, since previously the existing `SUM` aggregation performed a cross-time `MEAN` and cross-series `SUM`, because this was the most common use case in infrastructure. This now makes it possible to create big number widgets that show a total over the specified time frame.

### Hazelcast IMDG

Added support for Hazelcast IMDG version 4. The last supported version is 4.2.4.

## Improvements

* Power HMC Sensor:
    - Added support for management of critical events from managed systems and HMC consoles.

* Logging:
    - Toggle state of log lines is now preserved when filters or groupings are applied.

* MSIIS Sensor: ContextRoots are added to Website and paired to website name on backend in order to have separate service names visible for different calls under the same application pool.

* Integration with IBM Monitoring products:
    - Added features in the IBM Monitoring Instana Integration Service:
        - Enable IBM APM V8 agents to connect to Instana using the IBM Monitoring Instana Integration Service
        - Kubernetes 1.22 support (Red Hat OpenShift 4.9, MicroK8s 1.23)
        - Support https ingress on Red Hat OpenShift
        - Support for IBM ACE(IIB) agent (Technology Preview)
        - Support for IBM MQ agent (Technology Preview)
    - Several fixes, including updating to log4j 2.17.1

* With the new "Analyze Beacons" button in the trace view you can easily find all EUM beacons which are correlated to the given trace.

* Go tracer:
    - Added new span type for a PostgreSQL [v1.41.0](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/v1.41.0)
    - Added new instrumentation for a pgx library [instrumentation/instapgx/v0.0.2](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/instrumentation%2Finstapgx%2Fv0.0.2)

* Extended application monitoring metrics retention from last 7 days to last 31 days. You can now see 100% accurate metrics on Application, Service and Endpoint dashboards up to last 31 days.

* [NGINX Tracer 1.4.0](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing/tree/1.4.0#140-2022-02-04):
    - Upgraded to OpenTracing C++ 1.6.0
    - Upgraded to nginx-opentracing 0.22.1

* [Envoy Tracer 1.5.0](https://github.com/instana/envoy-tracing#150-2022-02-17):
    - Envoy tracing is generally available
    - Added support for Envoy version 1.15 and later
    - Dropped support for Envoy version 1.13 and earlier

## Deprecations

* SLI Settings [resource](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#tag/SLI-Settings) is deprecated and will be discontinued in release 225. New SLI Settings v2 Resource (`/api/settings/v2/sli`) should be used instead.
