# Build 215

2021-12-07

## Features

### Apache HTTPd Tracing
* Support for Apache 2.2.30 or higher on Linux x86_64
* Support for IBM HTTP Server 8.5.5.12 or higher on Linux x86_64
* Apache HTTPd tracing span correlation to infrastructure
* Support service filter with HTTPd technology

### Azure Queue Storage Tracing

Instana now supports Azure Queue Storage tracing for .NET/.NET Core!

* Gain visibility into Azure Queue interactions
* Automatically link the related Storage accounts for full context and infrastructure insights

### IBM ITM V6 Integration is generally available!
The support for integrating metrics from IBM ITM V6 to Instana which was in technology preview is now generally available (GA).
Improvements in the GA version include:
* Support for air-gapped deployment
* Support for High Availability deployment
* Script to get the configuration package to apply to the agents

### IBM MQ collecting instrumentation events
* Support for collecting all MQ event messages [Event message descriptions](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-mq/9.0?topic=reference-event-message-descriptions) from IBM MQ
* Support for reporting a subset of events as Instana events including `Bridge stopped`, `Channel conversion error`, `Channel SSL Error`, `Queue Service Interval High`

## Improvements

* Website monitoring: Capturing the start time of user timing marks as custom event durations.
* Logging: Added Support for controlling access to logs via Role Based Access Control (RBAC). In the trace detail view under Permissions, "Access of logs" has been renamed to "Access to Logs" to reflect this change.
* Nomad Sensor: Enabled TLS support with zero configuration, the sensor reads the certificates from the config all by itself.
* Elasticsearch Sensor: Added support for Elasticsearch 7.15.
* IBM ACE Sensor:
  - Added thread utilization metric and built-in event for message flow.
  - Added thread utilization for each message flow in the message flows table.
  - Improved performance for large scale environment.
* IBM MQ Sensor：
  - Added built-in events for Channel Initiator Status and Publish/Subscribe Engine Status.
* IBM DataPower Sensor:
  - Improved performance when monitoring multiple DataPower appliances.

## Fixes

* Website monitoring: Wrong page information associated with error beacons.
* GCP Sensor: PubSub topic and subscription IDs extended with the project ID to be unique across multiple environments.
* Tibco EMS Sensor: Improved the limit for topics and queues for up to 360 entities.
* Redis Sensor: Fixed failed authentication issue.
* IBM MQ Sensor：
  - Fixed the negative data problem due to overflow.
  - Fixed connection status not reset issue.
