# Build 224

2022-05-03

## Features

* IBM OpenStack Sensor:
  - OpenStack Sensor is now supported in Instana as a platform.
  - Added support for following metrics:
    - CPU and memory utilization of hypervisors.
    - CPU and memory utilization of compute servers.

* [NGINX Tracer 1.6.0](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing#160-2022-04-26), [Envoy Tracer 1.6.0](https://github.com/instana/envoy-tracing#160-2022-04-26):
  - Changed the log level for ignored JSON fields in the discovery response from `warn` to `debug`.

## Improvements

* IBM Db2 LUW Sensor

  - The design of the local monitoring sensor is changed to support multiple instances and databases from v1.0.24 onwards.
    As a result, all the local monitoring configurations needs to be added into the `local` tag.
    However, the design is compatible with the existing configuration that you might be using now for single database instance monitoring, and the single database configuration remains to be supported.
    
**Notes:**
  - Currently, Db2 on docker containers that uses local monitoring is not supported on Windows operating system.
  - On Windows operating system, the `instance` field needs to be the owner of the instance, so the configuration can support multiple instances and databases.
  - The local monitoring sensor has a design change. As a result, all the local monitoring configurations needs to be added to the `local` tag now. For more information, see [Monitoring IBM Db2](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/db2/index.md).
  - The current design change is confined to local monitoring of databases on the host where Instana Agent is running. If you are using remote monitoring of databases, you don't need any configuration changes unless you want to use the local monitoring.

* LogDNA Logging integration: You can now enter a customized base URL in addition to the `accountId` in the LogDNA settings page.

* AWS Sensor: Improved the performance of AWS SQS data extraction.

## Fixes

* Kafka Sensor: Closed instana-agent Kafka clients when the sensor deactivates.

* IBM Db2 LUW Sensor :
  - The table `snap_get_dbm` is deprecated now, and is replaced with the new table `MON_GET_INSTANCE`.
    The columns `Remote Connections` and `Remote Connections Executing` from the table `snap_get_dbm` are removed from the Instana UI, and the consolidated list of connections will be displayed as `Total connections`, which is obtained from the new table `MON_GET_INSTANCE`.

* Statsd Sensor: The sensor now collects up to 1000 metrics per metric type. 
