# Build 225

2022-05-17

## Reminder: Changed container image locations

All container images that were previously published in the [`instana` namespace](https://hub.docker.com/u/instana) on Docker Hub are now published by using the public IBM Cloud container registry. Existing image repositories on Docker Hub will be kept until June 2022, but will not receive any updates. The Docker Hub image repositories will become unavailable from July 2022. This change has already been announced in [release 216](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/obi/216?topic=saas-build-216) in February, and here this is just a reminder.

**Note:** This change affects customers who use container images from the `instana` namespace in the public Docker Hub registry. Images that are made available by using Instana's own registry at `containers.instana.io` are not affected by this change.

Make sure to update all references to the public Docker Hub images with IBM Cloud Container Registry image locations in Dockerfiles, build scripts, or other files. The following table lists the images with their new locations:

| Docker Hub Image                   | IBM Cloud Container Registry Image           |
| ---------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| `instana/agent`                    | `icr.io/instana/agent`                       |
| `instana/aws-fargate-nodejs`       | `icr.io/instana/aws-fargate-nodejs`          |
| `instana/aws-lambda-nodejs`        | `icr.io/instana/aws-lambda-nodejs`           |
| `instana/google-cloud-run-nodejs`  | `icr.io/instana/google-cloud-run-nodejs`     |
| `instana/instana-agent-operator`   | `icr.io/instana/instana-agent-operator`      |
| `instana/instrumentation`          | `icr.io/instana/instrumentation`             |
| `instana/leader-elector`           | `icr.io/instana/leader-elector`              |

For more information, see [Changes to the Instana container image repositories](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/obi/current?topic=instana-host-agent#changes-to-the-instana-container-image-repositories).

## Features

* Website Smart Alerts on custom events
  - Instana now supports alerting on **Custom Events** of your monitored website. This helps to notify when a specific event occurs.
    For more information, see [Website Smart Alerts docs](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/obi/current?topic=websites-smart-alerts#custom-events).

* Camunda tracing
  - Instana now supports Camunda tracing of BPMN activities.
    - By using this feature, you can gain visibility into Camunda BPMN activities, and automatically link the activity-related sub calls for full context and infrastructure insights.

## Improvements

* OracleDB Sensor now collects service names for each database instance.

* IBM i OS Sensor:
  - Validated the service availability for all the metrics.

* Added a new aggregation **per second**. The per second aggregation is available for the `calls` and `erroneousCalls` metrics in **Unbounded Analytics** page.

* Application Perspectives: Replaced `Calls` and `Erroneous Calls` widgets with `Calls Per Second` and `Erroneous Call Rate` in the **Summary** tab.

## Fixes

* Python sensor:
  - Fixed **AttributeError** when **sqlalchemy** is used with **testcontainers**.
