# Build 228

2022-06-28

## Features

* APM V8 Integration
  * Metrics from the APM V8 WebSphere Application Server (WAS) agent can be integrated with Instana.
* ITM V6 Integration
  * Metrics from both the ITCAM V7 and APM V8 WebSphere Application Server (WAS) agents can be integration with Instana.
* Application Smart Alerts: Alerting on the rate of HTTP status code.
  * **HTTP Status Codes** blueprint now allows defining alerts based on the _status code rate_ metric beside the previously supported _status code count_ metric.

### Open Beta - Kubernetes logs in context

- Docker container logs are now contextualized within the Kubernetes UI (User Interface).
- Log messages are consolidated at the different Kubernetes abstraction layers.
- The new widgets that provide logs in context within the Kubernetes UI will be rolled out gradually from this release 228 to all accounts. It provides access to logs that are generated by the Docker container runtime within the Kubernetes UI at different abstraction levels like Cluster, Namespace, Pod, etc. In future release, links will be added to Kubernetes entities from **Log Analytics** to allow an easier navigation to the relevant entities during troubleshooting. Additionally, the support for more container runtimes over time and full support for open telemetry logs will be provided. You are invited to provide feedbacks about the new logging capabilities by using Instana **Ideas portal**. Stay tuned to Instana blogs to learn more!

## Improvements

* vSphere Sensor:
  * vSphere version is now displayed on the datacenter dashboard next to the name
  * Virtual machine state column is added to the VMs table on the host and datacenter dashboards
* Cassandra Sensor:
  * Seed IP Addresses are now displayed on the sidebar of every Cassandra Node.
* IBM ACE Tracing:
  * Replaced the span label `msgFlowTransaction` with the real message flow name, and changed this span label to the first position, instead of the previously second position following the message flow input node. In this way, users can see more clearly how long the request is processed in this message flow.
  * Supported IBM MQ message header detection, and injected trace context into outgoing request only when the MQRFH2 header is included to avoid breaking users' applications.
* IBM MQ Tracing:
  * Added support for tracing text messages.
* Improved the validation of stored tag-filters in various areas such as SmartAlerts, Application Perspectives and Service Level Objectives (SLOs):
  * Improved the error messages to include more details about the exact problem when invalid tag-filters are provided.
  * Invalid tag-filters are now rejected.
* [NGINX Tracer 1.7.0](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing#170-2022-06-20):
  * Added support for NGINX 1.22.0.
  * Support IPv4 and IPv6 address to connect to the Instana agent.
* [Envoy Tracer 1.7.0](https://github.com/instana/envoy-tracing#170-2022-06-20):
  * Support IPv4 and IPv6 address to connect to the Instana agent.

## Fixes

* IBM ACE Tracing: Fixed the issue of assigning the same span kind for all ingoing/outgoing requests.
