# Build 229

2022-07-12

## Features

### Camunda external task tracing

Instana now supports Camunda tracing of BPMN external tasks.

By using this feature, you can gain visibility into Camunda BPMN external tasks, and automatically link the activity-related sub calls for full context and infrastructure insights.

## Improvements

### Settings UI

* In the **Add user** dialog, the group selector is now ordered alphabetically.
* Area scope names that don't fit are now displayed on a tooltip on hover
* Make the UI design of the **Add API Token** button and the following search box consistent with the rest of the **Settings** section.

### Technology Preview: Synthetic Monitoring test result details UI

The Technology Preview for Synthetic Monitoring is updated to include a partial implementation of the UI page to view the details of a selected synthetic test run. The **KPI** widgets and the **Timeline** widget are shown, with a graph of the requests that are included in the test run, for tests where this information is available. Expanding a single sub-transaction allows users to see a more detailed breakdown of the time spent.  In addition, if a particular test run fails, the **Failures** widget is displayed, which includes error messages from the test run.  There is a known issue on this page when you view details for a simple ping test:  the **KPI** widget for requests is not properly handling the lack of sub-transactions for a simple ping test, and displays an error.

### Application Dashboard metrics

* Application Dashboard:

  * Top Services metrics are changed. On the **Calls** tab, `CallsPerSecond` is added as a companion metric. On the **Erroneous Calls** tab, now `erroneousCalls` is used as a primary metric, and `errors` is used as a companion metric.
* Service / Endpoint Dashboards:

   * Top Endpoint metrics are changed. On the **Erroneous Call Rate** tab, now `erroneousCalls` is used as a primary metric, and `errors` is used as a companion metric.


## Fixes

* [NGINX Tracer 1.7.1](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing#171-2022-06-29) and [Envoy Tracer 1.7.1](https://github.com/instana/envoy-tracing#171-2022-06-29):
  * Fixed the bug that the proxy sensor crashes when the tracing section of the instana configuration contains fields that are not used by the proxy sensor.
* Camunda Tracing: Fixed the `Unknown snapshot type: camunda` error when the Upstream/Downstream view is clicked on the Instana UI.