# Build 226

2022-05-31

## Features

### AIX error report:

Added support for error report as events for AIX system.

### Application Smart Alerts

Smart Alerts for Application Perspectives is an intelligent alerting capability that allows you to receive alerts automatically
tailored for an arbitrary subset of calls to your applications, services or endpoints. The alerts are derived from out-of-the-box
blueprints such as slow calls, erroneous calls, HTTP status codes and throughput. In addition, you can choose from several
threshold types, including ones that apply statistical models. For detailed information,
see [Application Smart Alert docs](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/obi/current?topic=applications-smart-alerts).

## Improvements

* IBM ACE Tracing:
    - Added support for Linux on Z (s390x, 64bit).
* Go Tracer:
    - Added instrumentation for RabbitMQ by using the streadweay-amqp module.
* Python sensor:
    - Added a reminder to the agent `configuration.yaml` that the default value of `python:autotrace:enabled` is `true` and suggested `false` as an explicit config, as the default implicit is already `true`.
* Node.js Tracer:
    - Added support for Node v18.
* Java Tracer:
    - Added instrumentation support for Camunda business keys.
* Apache Tomcat Sensor:
    - Added support for Tomcat v9 and v10.

## Fixes

* Azure SQL Database: Fixed event settings to display correct metric names and formats.

## Deprecations

The entity types `application`, `service` and `endpoint` are now marked as deprecated for custom events in the _Events & Alerting_ settings, and need to be migrated to a Smart Alert soon. You are recommended to configure a respective Smart Alert instead. For more information, see [Application Smart Alert docs](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/obi/current?topic=applications-smart-alerts).

