# Build 227

2022-06-14

## Features

### Technology preview - Synthetic monitoring

- APIs and user interfaces (UI) are provided to allow the technology preview customer to create synthetic tests to check their websites and applications.
- Support for Simple ping tests and API Script tests is provided in this Technology Preview.
- Private, customer-deployed synthetic Points of Presence are supported.

This feature is released as Technology Preview, which gives one partnering customer early views of the capabilities we intend to deliver in future releases.
In addition, we have published documentation of the Synthetic monitoring APIs in the OpenAPI specification and invite all customers interested in Synthetic monitoring to review the APIs to make sure we are meeting your needs and addressing the challenges you need to tackle.  We invite you to provide feedback about the APIs via our Ideas portal. In future releases, we look forward to expanding the number of partnering customers to gain additional insights about how use of Synthetic monitoring can meet your needs.

### Apache Dubbo Tracing

Auto-trace for Apache Dubbo applications is supported.

## Improvements

* IBM ACE Tracing: Supported auto-trace for IBM ACE running in IBM Cloud Pak for Integration with the Instana AutoTrace WebHook.
* IBM MQ Tracing: Supported auto-trace for IBM MQ running in IBM Cloud Pak for Integration with the Instana AutoTrace WebHook.
* Mobile App Monitoring: Added support for filtering beacon with the mobile device model. You can filter out the mobile data based on the device type (device model) by using the **mobile device model** filtering tag.

## Fixes

* HAProxy Sensor: Fixed displaying negative metric values.
* RabbitMQ Sensor:
  - Ensured that there are no metric gaps in UI charts.
  - Verified support for version 3.9.x.
* vSphere Sensor: Added support for vSphere v7.
* Application Dashboards: For widgets that are not supported in Live Mode, a message `This widget is not supported by Live Mode` is added. In addition, a button is provided to stop Live Mode.
