# Build 238

2022-11-15

## Features

###  Node.js Tracing
- Tracing support for [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/) is added.

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Location health

- In response to customer feedback from the technology preview, the **Locations** tab of Synthetic Monitoring is updated to make it easier to find information about the health of the Synthetic Point of Presence (PoP). In the Locations tab, the Kubernetes namespace where the PoP is running is listed in the row for each PoP, and a link is provided to go to the related Kubernetes UI pages.

### IBM MQ Sensor
 - Added MQ queue statistics table in the queue dashboard.
 - Added Queue statistics metrics including Interval Start Time, Interval End Time, Persistent Put Bytes, Nonpersistent Put Bytes, Persistent Get Bytes, Nonpersistent Get Bytes, Expired Msg Count, Put Fail Count, Put1 Fail Count, and Get Fail Count.

## Improvements

###  NGINX Tracing
- Added support for NGINX 1.23.2, 1.23.1, 1.23.0, NGINX Plus R27, R26, and OpenResty 1.21.4.1.
- Dropped support for Amazon Linux 1 (end-of-life date: 31 Dec, 2020) with NGINX tracer 1.7.1 and later.

### Technology Preview
#### Synthetic Monitoring: Location description mouseover
- In the Locations tab of Synthetic Monitoring, a mouseover is added to the location name, which displays the description that you provided when you deployed the PoP. You can use this capability to help distinguish one PoP from another or to help identify where the PoP is installed.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Location list
- In the Locations tab of Synthetic Monitoring, the list of locations now includes locations that no tests are assigned to. This is the state when a PoP is deployed. This change helps to confirm that the server is aware of the PoP after the PoP deployment is complete.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: List of Tests ordering
- The default sort order on the Tests tab of Synthetic Monitoring is changed to list the tests with the lowest success rate first. This is consistent with other Instana UI pages.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: PoP Deployment Options
- The PoP Helm charts are updated to add two new deployment options for security improvements: seccompDefault and playbackEngineNetworkPolicy. For related configuration options, see Synthetic PoP Deployment.

### IBM ACE Sensor
- IBM ACE Sensor now supports monitoring brokers with the same name on different hosts.

- IBM i OS Sensor:
  - Added the page fault rates as part of the time series graph.
  - Updated metrics fetching mechanism to improve the performance of the system.

### Log Analytics
 - The number of logs in groups is displayed with a metric prefix.

### Instana Microservices Application Monitoring for VMware Tanzu
 - Added support for VMware Tanzu Application Service for VMs v2.13 and v3.0.
 - Added support for Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Integrated Edition v1.14 and v.1.15.

###  IBM Watson AIOps Webhook Integration Channel
 - The ability to insert custom HTTP headers into IBM Watson AIOps Webhook Integration Alert Channel is added.

 ## Fixes
  - Db2 LUW Sensor: Fixed the problem that the host agent still discovers the DB2 process though the plugin is disabled.
  - Synthetic Monitoring (Technology Preview): qualified the sort key test name with the `test_id` so that existing tests with the same name can be listed.
  - Synthetic Monitoring (Technology Preview): Changed the parameter in the `TestResultDetails` API from `Logs` (single string) to `Logfiles` (Json object) for future browser script support.

