# Build 230

2022-07-26

## Features

* Tracing suppression for .NET Core processes running on the Linux
  - In some situation, when it is necessary, instrumentation for some classes or some namespaces can be suppressed by configuration.
```
com.instana.plugin.netcore:
  tracing:
    enabled: true
  instrumentation:
    suppressions:
      # Suppress instrumentation for concrete class
      - System.Net.Http.HttpClientHandler
      # Suppress instrumentation for namespace 
      - MySql.Data.MySqlClient.*
```
* Technology Preview: JBoss Data Grid tracing
  - Instana now supports JBoss Data Grid tracing as a Technology Preview. In this Technology Preview, automatic tracing for HotRod Java client is provided, which is used to access JBoss Data Grid server.

## Improvements

* ibm-db2-luw-sensor
  - Support for addition of lock statistics and transaction metrics with delta values.
* Custom Dashboards
  - Custom Dashboards for Applications now support the per second aggregation.
  - When you configure custom dashboards for Applications, available formatters are selected based on selected metric and aggregation.
* IBM ACE Sensor
  - Added flowNodes to the CHANGES_IGNORED_KEY field to igore events that are trigged by flowNodes changes.

## Fixes

IBM ACE Sensor
* Fixed the unsupported or unrecognized SSL message error in fetching prometheus metrics for container-based environment with SSL enabled.

* Identity Providers: Fixed an edge case that users can insert empty configuration values for the Identity Provider on the **Authentication** settings of Instana UI.

Service Dashboards
* Fixed a broken link to the **Analytics** wizard on the **Top Statements** list.
* Fixed the problem that there are missing services and the call count is lower than expected in the **Flow** map.
