# Build 236

2022-10-18

## Features

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Add action menu for Location

The **Locations** tab on the Synthetic Monitoring UI landing page is updated to include an action menu for each Location. After a Point of Presence (PoP) is uninstalled, you can delete the Location from the server. Previously, it was only possible to do this by using the API. This enhancement allows the Location to be deleted by using the Instana UI.

## Improvements

### MSSQL Sensor: Add metrics for Maximum Connections, DB Memory, Cache Hit Rate, Virtual Memory, and Response Time

The following new metrics are added:

- Max Connections : Maximum number of connections that is configured for the MSSQL Instance.
- DB Memory Used : Total Server Memory in MB.
- DB Memory Capacity : Target Server Memory in MB.
- DB Cache Hit : DB Cache Hit Rate in percentage.
- Virtual Memory : Virtual memory that is used by the server in MB.
- Response Time: Response time from MSSQL server in milliseconds.

### MySQL Sensor: Add metrics for InnoDB Buffer Pool, Row Locks, Cache Hit Rate, Transactions, and Max Connections Errors

The following new metrics are added:

- Client connections: `connection_errors_max_connections`
- InnoDB buffer pool: `innodb_pool_pages_total`, `innodb_pool_pages_free`, `innodb_pool_pages_data`, `innodb_pool_read_requests`, `innodb_pages_read`, `innodb_page_size`, `innodb_cache hit rate`
- InnoDB row locks: `innodb_row_lock_current_waits`, `innodb_row_lock_time_avg`
- Transactions: `avg_transaction_response_time`, `total_transactions`

### Golang Sensor: Add an alert to report outdated Golang runtimes

To make users use up-to-date Golang runtimes, an alert is added to report outdated Golang runtimes.

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Use Location display label on all UI pages

* All Synthetic Monitoring UI pages are updated to honor the display label for a Location (or Point of Presence). The display label is defined by the customer during deployment of a private Point of Presence (PoP).

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Add filtering to Synthetic test result timeline

* The **timeline** widget on the _Synthetic test result details_ page is enhanced to include the ability to filter the entries based on the HTTP operations.

## Fixes

* The **Copying links to logs** button in the **Log Analytics** page on Instana UI now also works for logs within groups.
* Fixed an issue on displaying the log level.
* Db2 LUW Sensor: The `Containers` table is removed from the dashboard on Instana UI because the data in the table is already available in the `Buffer Pool Data Pages`, `Buffer Pool Index Pages` and `Buffer Pool Time` graph.
  The metrics in the `Containers` table are as follows:
    - The `Pages Read` metrics from containers are the sum of `Buffer Pool Data Pages > Physical Reads`  and `Buffer Pool Index Pages > Physical Reads`.
    - The `Pages Written` metrics from containers are the sum of `Buffer Pool Data Pages > Physical Writes` and `Buffer Pool Index Pages > Physical Writes`.
    - The `Pool Read Time` and `Pool Write Time` metrics are available as the `Read` and `Write` metrics of the `Buffer Pool Time` graph.
* Synthetic Monitoring (Technology Preview): Added Synthetic tests that are paused to the _List of Tests_ page.
* IBM WebSphere Sensor: Fixed an issue about redundant log messages in WAS log file.
