# Build 237

2022-11-01

## Features

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Enable migration

To support moving a customer's Synthetic Monitoring data to a different region, changes were made to the databases where the definitions of locations and tests are stored. These changes allow easier migration of the Synthetic Monitoring definitions if needed.

## Improvements

### Kafka sensor

- IBM® Event Streams that is built on open-source Apache Kafka, is supported from IBM Event Streams v3.0.5 onwards.

### Log Analytics

- The display of long values in log tags is improved.
- Loading skeletons for logs are added.
- Logs can be expanded by clicking anywhere on the log line.

### Go Collector

- Starting with version 1.47.0, the Go Collector requires Go version 1.13 or later.

### Custom alert support for IBM i

Added the custom event for inactive job queue Status. You can enable or disable the **enableInactiveJOBQStatus** field in the **user_specification:activeJobs:event:enableInactiveJOBQStatus** section of the Instana agent configuration file. Then, an event will be triggered for the jobs whose **JOB_QUEUE_STATUS** is `RELEASED` or `SCHEDULED` and **JOB_STATUS** is `JOBQ` at any given point of time.

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Add sort capability to List of Tests

The _List of Tests_ page is updated to allow sorting by using any column except the **action** menu. The default sort order remains ascending on the test name.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Response Status uses exact HTTP codes

The **Response Status** pie chart on the _Synthetic Test Summary_ page is updated to display the exact HTTP response codes that are returned for the simple ping test. Prior to this change, return codes are shown as a range, but now each specific HTTP response code that are returned in the test results in the selected timeframe is graphed.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Update URLs

The URLs for the tabs on the Synthetic Monitoring landing page are modified to include the word _synthetic_ in the URL name. Prior to this change, the URL names are generic, and do not clearly refer to the Synthetic Monitoring portion of the Instana UI.

## Fixes

* Db2 LUW Sensor: Fixed the problem that the host agent fails to fetch the type information from the configuration.yaml file if the configuration value is set to the environment variable or external files during local monitoring.
* Events can be generated now based on the **HADR_CONNECT_STATUS** to check the connection state of the standby databases.
* IBM WebSphere Liberty Sensor: Fixed an issue that not all Servlets are listed on Instana UI.
* IBM i OS Sensor: Fixed the issue that the CPU rate and usage are not displayed with the latest patches of IBM i OS server.
* IBM ACE Tracing: Fixed an issue that the upstream application fails to be associated with when ACE server receives a request that includes only W3C tracing format.
* Application perspective: Fixed an issue that the Analyze services button in the upstream and downstream services list on Instana UI doesn't take into account the upstream and downstream filters.
* LDAP configuration: Fixed certificate issues with `ldaps://` connections on initial handshake.
* LDAP group mapping: Fixed group mapping evaluation for `memberOf` attribute.
* Fixed a processing issue that causes some calls to be incompletely tagged during maintenance windows, which preventes proper service detection.
* Context guide: Fixed an issue in some environments that makes the Instana UI unresponsive in some product areas including events and the infrastructure map.
