# Build 239

2022-12-13

## Features

### Amazon MQ
- Added support for RabbitMQ engine.
- Increased the maximum number of monitored queues and topics from 100 to 165 for AmazonMQ engine.

### IBM ACE Sensor
The support for High Availability system with multi-instance/RDQM monitoring is added. For related configuration changes, see [Monitoring IBM App Connect Enterprise](../../ecosystem/ace/index.md#configuration-for-traditional-ace).

### AWS Lambda ES Modules support
The support for ES Modules is added in the layer version 223. A new handler `instana-aws-lambda-auto-wrap-esm.handler` is now available.
For more information, see [Instana AutoTrace setup](../../ecosystem/aws-lambda/nodejs/index.md#instana-autotrace-setup).

Furthermore, the NPM package [instana-aws-lambda-auto-wrap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/instana-aws-lambda-auto-wrap) is deprecated now.

### Apache HTTPd Tracing for Windows
Instana supports tracing Apache HTTPd on Windows now. For more information, see [Apache HTTPd docs](../../ecosystem/apache-httpd/index.md#tracing).

### Log Analytics
Log lists now support infinite scrolling. Logs will be loaded automatically after the end of the page is reached.

### ServiceNow Alerting Channel
A new alerting channel is added, which allows you to automatically create incidents in ServiceNow from Instana. For more information, see [ServiceNow Alerting Channel](../../ecosystem/service-now/index.md).

### Open Beta: Adaptive Thresholds in AP Smart Alerts
Smart Alerts for Application Perspectives is extended to support _adaptive thresholds_. In contrast to _static thresholds_, _adaptive thresholds_ are thresholds that automatically adapt to seasonal changes of the underlying metrics that are observed by Instana. For more information, see [Smart Alerts](../../application_monitoring/smart_alerts.md).

### Open Beta: Analyze Infrastructure
Analyze Infrastructure provides an infrastructure-centric ad-hoc exploration solution that lets you perform multivariate comparison of infrastructure entities in a concise table across various customizable key metrics.

For more information, see [Analyze Infrastructure](../../analyze_infrastructure/index.md).

### PowerHMC:  Adding support for Power9
The support for Power 9 and Denali P10 (FSP-based) systems is added.

### IBM DataPower Tracing
Instana now supports tracing of IBM DataPower API Gateway in API Connect cluster. For more information, see [Monitoring IBM API Connect](../../ecosystem/ibm-api-connect/index.md).

### OpenStack: Add new metrics for instances and hypervisors
- Added new metrics for instances and hypervisors.
- Added flavor and image details for each OpenStack region.

### RabbitMQ
The support for RabbitMQ 3.10.x and 3.11.x is added.

### IBM MQ Sensor
The support for fully auto-discovery with local binding is added. IBM MQ sensor discovers all the running local queue managers in the same virtual machine. After that, the local binding connection mode is used to retrieve data directly from the shared memory of queue manager. By using this implementation, IBM MQ sensor is able to retrieve more local data compared with the previously used client mode connection. For related configuration changes, see [Monitoring IBM MQ](../../ecosystem/ibmmq/index.md#local).

### IBM MQ Tracing
The support for Windows x86_64 is added.

### Closed Beta

#### Synthetic monitoring: Create an API Script test by using Instana UI
By using the **create a test** flow in the Synthetic Monitoring UI page, you can create an API Script synthetic test. Choose the **API Script test** type, and upload the script. The format of the script will be checked. Select the locations where the test will run, and complete the rest of the steps to create the test.
If you want to upload a different file during the creation process, you need to cancel the file upload or go back to the previous step in the flow to re-enable the script input box.

#### Synthetic monitoring: Add API for compressed test result details
The existing API `/api/synthetics/results/{testid}/{testresultid}/detail?type=xxx` no longer supports retrieval of compressed format files such as videos and screenshots. This API supports only retrieval of text format files. A new API `/api/synthetics/results/{testid}/{testresultid}/file?type=<xxx>` is introduced to downloading any type of file in the format as uploaded by the Synthetic Point of Presence(PoP). You can use the new API to retrieve compressed files such as video and screenshot.

## Improvements

### Add a GetContainerInfo button for Containerd sensor
A **GetContainerInfo** button is added to the **containerd** dashboard to get the information of a specific container.

### Log Analytics
- Improved the display of loading skeletons.
- Improved custom tags with grouping and labels.

### Custom Events
You can configure custom events by using multiple infrastructure metrics. For more information, see [Custom Event docs](../../events_alerts/custom-events.md/#create-a-custom-event).

### ACE Tracing
- Added ACE Tracing support for Windows.
- Upgraded the OpenSSL version to 1.1.1s in the trace library.
- Added support for W3C trace context.

### Closed Beta

#### Synthetic monitoring: Add the search capability on Instana UI
In the **Locations** tab and on the _Synthetic Test Results_ page, you can search for entries by using the **location** label.

#### Synthetic monitoring: Improve sort on Instana UI
In the **Synthetic Tests** tab, **Locations** tab and on the _Synthetic Test Results_ page, locations and tests without test result data are moved to the end of the display list.

#### Synthetic monitoring: Change URL for the test result details page
The URL for the _Synthetic Test Result details_ page is renamed to clarify that the page is part of Synthetic Monitoring.

## Fixes

### Log Analytics
- Fixed the problem that the log list is stuck in loading state in certain cases.
- Fixed the problem that log tags are not grouped in trace logs.
### IBM MQ Tracing
- Fixed the span correlation problem with the ACE OpenTelemetry trace.
### IBM MQ Sensor
- Fixed the parsing problem of the `mqs.ini` file when MQ tracing is enabled.