# Build 233

2022-09-06

## Features

* Technology Preview Synthetic Monitoring: applications filter

  * In the Technology Preview for Synthetic Monitoring, an additional tab has been added to the page for a selected application. The new Synthetic Monitoring tab will display the list of synthetic tests associated with the application.  From here the user can navigate to the synthetic test summary and examine the results of any of the tests.

* Application metrics new API endpoint

  * A new API endpoint is now available `/api/application-monitoring/v2/metrics`. You can use this endpoint to get call metrics, which can be filtered by a tag filter expression. For more information, see [API documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#operation/getApplicationDataMetricsV2).

## Improvements

* Postgresql sensor

  * In addition to the `postgresql.conf` file, Postgresql sensor is now able to parse the `postgresql.auto.conf` file that contains the provided [settings](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/config-setting.html) with the **ALTER SYSTEM** command, which overrides the contents of the `postgresql.conf` file.
  
* Google Cloud Platform (GCP) sensor

  * Google Cloud Platform (GCP) sensor generates Instana monitoring events in case of live migration event [notices](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/metadata/getting-live-migration-notice#maintenanceevents) on Google Compute Engine (GCE).
  
* Node.js Tracer

  * Added support for AWS Lambda architecture type `arm64`.

* Kafka Header Migration

  * Starting from October 2022, Instana tracers will move to a new trace correlation header format for Kafka messages. No action on your part is needed. For more information, see [Kafka Header Migration](../../tracing/kafka-header-migration.md).

* Technology Preview Synthetic Monitoring: Location selection for Network Timing

  * In the Technology Preview for Synthetic Monitoring, the "Network Timing" widget that is displayed for an HTTPAction test on the Summary page now has a dropdown to allow the user to select the location to view the timing information.  This allows the user to view the network timings for one specific location in the selected timeframe when the test has been assigned to run in multiple locations.

* Azure Functions .NET support

  * The _Span preview_ page for Azure Functions in **Analytics** on Instana UI is updated by adding missing Endpoint information and expanding span data with Runtime and Method Name.
The metric list in the _Azure Functions Application_ page in **Infrastructure** is also updated. Metrics _FunctionExecutionUnits_ and _FunctionExecutionCount_ are deleted because they are not supported by the latest Azure Application Insights version.

* Application Perspective Dashboard Performance Improvement

  * The performance of the Application Perspective dashboard over a larger timeframe is improved when the metric granularity is 4h, 6h or higher.

* Improve Erroneous section of faceted search component in calls and traces analytics.

  * The **Only erroneous** option is displayed in the **Erroneous** faceted search in calls and traces analytics even though the tag suggestions call returns 0 matches.

* Chart Companion Metrics

  * Some companion metrics are introduced to Call count charts.
  Call count charts on **application**, **service** and **endpoint** dashboards now show the amount of calls per second next to the total sum of calls.  

## Fixes

* Added missing dot to synthetic endpoint in the endpoint dashboard
