# Build 232

2022-08-23

## Breaking Changes

* Python sensor:
  - Version `2.0.0` of `python-sensor` drops support for all the Python runtimes
  that have already reached `end-of-life` status at the Python Software Foundation.
  This means that any runtime below version `3.7` is not supported by `2.0.0`.
  Users of legacy runtimes need to bind `instana` in `requirements.txt` manually
  to the legacy `1.x` track. For example with this line: `instana<2.0.0`.
  - Version `2.0.0` of `python-sensor` drops support for the following end-of-life and currently unmaintained frameworks:
    * suds-jurko
    * webapp2
    * asynqp
  - For more information about the current support matrix, see the [supported versions page](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=package-python-supportedcomponents-versions).

## Features

* New environment variable for logging in .NET and .NET Core

    * Instana now has a new environment variable **INSTANA_LOG_LEVEL_CAPTURE** for .Net and .Net Core to prevent creating spans for logs with lower level than the one set. For more information, see [Monitoring .NET Core](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=technologies-monitoring-net-core) and [Monitoring .NET](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=technologies-monitoring-net).

* Additional OpenTelemetry Components for Node.js

    * Instana now offers a number of additional OpenTelemetry components (propagator, sampler, and resource detector). See [OpenTelemetry Integration for Node.js Applications](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=net-opentelemetry-exporter) for more information.

* Technology Preview Synthetic Monitoring: updated landing page

    * The Technology Preview for Synthetic Monitoring is updated with additional information on the landing page.  The "List of Synthetic Tests" now includes Success rate, Latency and Locations.  A health indicator based on test success rate is also added.  If the test is associated with an application, the application label will appear and can be used as a link to the application page.  There are some known issues with behavior of this page including a created test will not be displayed until the first result is returned; and a paused test will not appear paused until the cache is refreshed. The test will appear paused on the Summary page, however.  We are working to resolve these issues as soon as possible.

* Top List for Infrastructure Metrics
    * The Top List Custom Dashboard Widget is now available for infrastructure metrics. It gives the ability to show a list of infrastructure tag values that are sorted by infrastructure metrics. You can filter these elements by using the query builder because it is already available for Big Number and Time Series widgets.

* Table space utilities metrics for IBM Db2LUW sensor now supports autoresize and events related to it

    * Table space utilities metrics has now been exposed with autoResize option, so that customers can now set events based on whether the auto resize is enabled or not. This event can be created by setting the `Matching operator` to `contains` and `TableSpaceName/AutoResize` set to either `Yes` or `No`.

## Improvements

* Improved-jboss-data-collection

    * Added regex configuration for more precise deployments monitoring. For more information,
    see [Monitoring JBoss AS](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=technologies-monitoring-jboss-as).

* Support for dynamic custom payload for Website Smart Alerts

    * Enabled support for configuring dynamic custom payloads in Website Smart Alerts. For more information, see [custom payload in Website Smart Alerts](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=websites-smart-alerts#custom-payloads)

* Improved display of metrics near present time
    * Metrics are near real-time and are aggregated from agents. To avoid displaying potentially incomplete metrics, requests for present or live data are delayed by 10s in charts.
* Show decimal places for latencies in the grouped results of traces and call analytics.
    * Added decimal places for latencies in the grouped results up to two decimal places for small numbers, such as 0.34, 2.69. And for larger numbers, less decimal places are shown, such as 12.1, 30.1. If the value is in the hundreds or more, no decimal places are shown.

## Fixes
* Added tooltip to synthetic endpoint dot and icon in the Endpoints tab.
* Added tooltip to the health icon in the endpoints list.
* Added a missing Approximate Data indicator when viewing a trace view. To see the Approximate Data Indicator, select a timeframe that is older than 1 month.
* Python sensor:
Version 2.0.0 of python-sensor fixes the warning about deprecated distutils on modern Python runtimes.
