# Build 235

2022-10-04

## Features

### Rate aggregation for infrastructure

The **Infrastructure & Platforms** datasource in **Custom Dashboards** now supports calculating rates of counters.

### Kubernetes logs context

In the **Logs** view of the _Analytics_ page on Instana UI, when you expand the log details by clicking the chevron button, the information that is related with Kubernetes and Infrastructure is now displayed in separate groups.

Additionally, health dots are added to the log details view to show the health of the entities that are related to the log message. The health dots change color according to the entity’s health status, and also show the number of current issues on hover.

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: API to get test successRate

A new API `/api/synthetics/results/testsummarylist` is added for Synthetic Monitoring. This allows the API user to request the success rate and aggregated response time of a synthetic test during a specified time period. Click **Synthetics** in the navigation panel on Instana UI, you can see the metrics also appear on the Synthetics landing page. The API is added to the [OpenAPI documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi).

## Improvements

* IBM DataPower Sensor: Changed the DataPower sensor to use the host agent threadPoolProvider to improve the agent performance.

### Custom alert support for IBM i

* Added the custom event for inactive jobs. Specify the `inactiveJobs` field in the `user_specification:activeJobs:event:inactiveJobs` section of the Instana agent configuration file. Then, an event will be triggered if the defined `Job Name` is not in `Active` state.
* Added the custom event for network port. Specify the `LOCAL_PORT/LOCAL_ADDRESS` field in the `user_specification:netstatEventInfo` section of the Instana agent configuration file. Then, an event will be triggered for the defined port if the status of the port is not `LISTEN` or `Null`.
  To validate a particular port irrespective of the address, use the asterisk (*) for the address part. For example, '38695/*'

### Support for dynamic custom payload for Application Smart Alerts

* Added support for configuring dynamic custom payloads in Application Smart Alerts. 

### Technology Preview

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Deploy a Synthetic PoP

* Based on feedback from Technology Preview participants, a **Deploy a PoP** button is added to the Synthetic Monitoring landing page to help you to deploy a Point of Presence (PoP).  After you select the button, the PoP deploy command with server values pre-filled is displayed. A command is provided for both PoP deployment options, and the command can be copied and used as a template for completing the your own deployment command.  Some parameter values are customer-specific and need to be updated, but the basic command is available.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Filter Synthetic tests

* Filtering is added to the Synthetic Monitoring _List of Tests_ page on Instana UI. The list of tests can now be filtered by Synthetic test type, application label, or location where the test is assigned to be run.


## Fixes

* IBM DataPower Sensor: Fixed the problem that the domain name was wrongly shown as `IBM DataPower Domain` and the service name was wrongly shown as `IBM DataPower Service` on Instana UI when one service's local port was null.

* Fixed the problem that users with RBAC restrictions see containerd or crio containers as unmonitored in the pod containers tab.

* Db2 LUW Sensor: Fixed the problem that the host agent fails to create inventories for the `db2sysc `process that runs in containers during the local monitoring.

* Fixed an issue in the *Log Analytics* page on Instana UI, where opening a log link within the current tab didn't update the focused log.

* Fixed a race condition that can lead to some false positive alerts or temporarily incorrect state of monitored infrastructure on Instana UI.

* Synthetic Monitoring Fixed an issue that the KPI cards on the _Synthetic Test Result Details_ page were empty.

* Synthetic PoP (Technology Preview): Fixed the issue of no logs, substransactions or stacktrace if the API script test fails.

## Deprecations

### TagFilters removed from AP/WS SmartAlerts

The `tagFilters` field is removed from AP/Website SmartAlerts. All `tagFiters` fields that are passed to AP/Website alert configurations are converted to `TagFilterExpression` by using `AND`.