# Build 234

2022-09-20

## Features

### Technology Preview Website monitoring: Uploading JavaScript source map files

Instana website monitoring now supports upload of JavaScript source map files as a Technology Preview. This feature enables the stack traces translation for the customers who monitor internal websites with Instana SaaS. In this Technology Preview, Web REST APIs and user interfaces(UI) are provided to upload JavaScript source map files to Instana backend. It allows the users to easily integrate the APIs into the build pipeline for automation. Contact Instana support team for details if you're interested in this feature.

### OpenTelemetry Exporter for Go

Introducing OpenTelemetry Exporter for Go applications.

### Technology Preview Synthetic monitoring: locations page

The Locations tab on the _Synthetic Monitoring landing_ page is implemented. It displays information about each installed Point of Presence (PoP), which is represented as a location. The PoP status, type, and number of tests that are deployed are shown with the date and time of the most recent synthetic test at that location.

**Note:** Currently locations don't appear in the list unless a test is deployed to the location. This will be corrected in a future release.

### .NET Core Profiling

.NET Core Profiling is introduced for .NET Core applications that run on Linux.

### Unbounded Analytics: Fast query mode

The Fast query mode is available and enabled by default when calls or traces are analyzed. When it is enabled, the query can be executed against a subset of the data, if execution against the full data set for the selected time frame takes too long.

## Improvements

* Containerd metrics:
    * Added new metrics Memory Usage, Block IO and Memory Limit information for containerd UI.
* When you change the name of an **Application Perspective**, now a message is shown next to the **save** button.


## Fixes

* Fixed a bug in Log Analytics that caused loaded logs to not be preserved when collapsing and expanding resulting logs.

* Technology Preview Synthetic Monitoring:

  The previously announced issues with the List of Tests page are fixed. Tests that do not have test results in the selected timeframe now appear at the end of the list. This means a newly created test that runs with less frequency can be seen in the list immediately once it's created. In addition, the deleted tests can be completely removed from the list now.

* Top Services Widgets now properly use error rate percentage as the main metrics for Erroneous Calls.