# Build 243

2023-02-21

## Features

### IBM MQ Managed File Transfer monitoring

Instana now monitors current file transfers, and IBM MQ Managed File Transfer (MFT) resource monitors. For more information, see [IBM MQ Managed File Transfer monitoring](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/467885853f77e32a7d0e3ffef6eb27c9390abd0e/src/pages/ecosystem/ibmmqmft/index.md).

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Permissions
Several permissions for Synthetic Monitoring are added to the available permission set. By using these permissions, you can control over viewing and configuring Synthetic locations (PoP), viewing and configuring Synthetic tests, and viewing Synthetic test results. These permissions are applicable to both API tokens and the Instana UI.
The following permissions are available to use in your group definitions:
- **Configuration of Synthetic tests:** Gives permission to create, update, and delete a Synthetic test.
- **Configuration of Synthetic locations:** Gives permission to delete a Synthetic location.
- **Access to Synthetic tests:** Gives permission to view Synthetic tests.
- **Access to Synthetic locations:** Gives permission to view Synthetic locations.
- **Access to Synthetic test results:** Gives permission to view Synthetic test results.
  For more information, see [Synthetic Monitoring Open Beta](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/19f83b5feca3635b50bb1c4b081ec5ca7a874ff2/src/pages/synthetic_monitoring/index.md)

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Add new API for patching a synthetic test
You can use the **HTTP PATCH** verb to update a portion of a synthetic test. This allows you to modify the schedule without providing the complete test script and vice versa.  For more information, see the [API Documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#tag/Synthetic-Settings).

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Add new API getLocationSummaryList
You can use the **getLocationSummaryList** API to see the contents that are displayed on the **Locations** tab, such as the time that the last synthetic test was run. It is not available to use the **GET locations** API. For more information, see the [API Documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#tag/Synthetic-Settings).

## Improvements
### Open Beta
#### Synthetic Monitoring API: Metric names for filters
The metric names that are used when you specify a filter in the Synthetic Monitoring APIs are changed. Both old and new format of the names are supported in the current release, but the old format of the names will be removed in an upcoming release. This change supports further alignment with Smart Alerts for Synthetics.  For more information, see the [API Documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#tag/Synthetic-Settings).

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Alert lanes on Summary dashboard
You can view alerts in the chart widgets on the _Summary_ page for a synthetic test. When an alert is fired in the selected time frame, an alert icon will appear following the chart.  Select the alert icon to see a list of open alerts.  Select an alert from the list to view the alert details.

## Fixes

### DB2 Sensor
On certain DB2 instances, the Instana UI crashes due to a metric that was placed in a wrong location. This issue is corrected now.
The **days since last back up** column on Instana UI was shown blank in case of 0 days. The issue is solved now.

### IBM MQ Sensor

Previously if the local queue manager was stopped when the host agent was started, the queue manager was shown in a separate box instead of as a layer of the host box. This issue is fixed.
Now if the local queue manager is stopped when the agent is started, the queue manager is not shown on Instana UI. Only after the local queue manager is started, the queue manager can be shown as a layer of the host box on Instana UI.

### Open Beta
#### Synthetic Monitoring: Create a test dialog

The extraneous text in the **Who should use** section in Step 1 of the **Create a test** wizard is removed.
### Synthetic Monitoring: Remove a pop-up window

Previously, when you type into the text box in Step 2 of the **Create a test** wizard, a pop-up window was shown if a forward slash was entered into the text box. Now the pop-up window is removed.
### Synthetic Monitoring: Smart Alert tabs

Visual improvements and text corrections appear in the **Smart Alert** tab on the landing page and on the _Summary_ page of Synthetic Monitor UI. 