# Build 245

2023-03-21
## Features
### IBM MQ Sensor

- Added MQTT channel table to show all the MQTT channels in the queue manager dashboard.
- Added MQTT channel dashboard to show each MQTT channel data.
- Added MQTT channel metrics including **Connections**, **In Doubt Input**, **In Doubt Output**, **Messages Sent**, **Messages Received**, and **Pending Outbound**.
- Added MQTT channel configuration data including **Type**, **Status**, **Keep Alive Interval**, **Start Date/Time**, **Last Message Date/Time**, **Connection Name**, **Client Id**, **Client User**, and **Protocol**.

### IBM MQ Managed File Transfer monitoring

Instana now triggers built-in events if any IBM MQ Managed File Transfer (MFT) agent or resource monitor is not in running status.

### Support for AWS Lambda Runtime for Node.js 18

The Lambda layer for Node.js now supports the AWS Lambda runtime for Node.js 18.

### Website Monitoring

The website monitoring now supports uploading Javascript sourcemap to parse stack trace with error beacons.


## Improvements

### Apache HTTPd Sensor

#### Support for Oracle HTTP Server

Oracle HTTP Server (OHS) is a web server based on the Apache HTTP Server. Now OHS monitoring is supported on the following platforms where Instana 1.2.7 or later versions are used:

* Oracle HTTP Server version 12.2.1.4.0 for Linux x86_64
* Oracle HTTP Server version 12.2.1.4.0 for Windows 64-bit
* Oracle HTTP Server version 12.2.1.3.0 or higher for Solaris-SPARC 64-bit
* Oracle HTTP Server version 12.2.1.3.0 or higher for AIX 7.2 ppc 64-bit

### Db2LUW Sensor
#### Metrics improvements

A `hadr_log_gap` metric is added in the HADR configuration. The `hadr_log_gap` metric is a measure of the difference between the primary log sequence number (LSN) and the standby log LSN.
A `log_utilization_percent` metric, which shows the total log space used in percentage, is added to the database section.

### IBM ACE Sensor

- The IBM MQ connections for remote monitoring support cipher suites.
- The log messages for the IBM MQ connections include host information.

### OracleDB Sensor

#### Add support for servicename

The feature for connecting to the oracleDB by using the `databaseServiceName` field is added.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Filter test results with the success status

When you view the list of results for a synthetic test in the **Results** tab of the Synthetic Monitoring UI, you can filter the list of results to view only the successful results. In earlier releases, you could filter the list to view the failed results, but could not view the successful results. Now you can select either the failed status or successful status in the filter to affect the list of results.
By default, all results are shown in the **Results** tab of the Synthetic Monitoring UI.

If you click the **Results** tab from a Synthetic Smart Alert in the Events UI, you can see only the failed results that are associated with that alert and timeframe. You can remove the `failed status` filter to see all results in the timeframe of the alert.

#### Synthetic PoP: Add a new parameter for image path in Helm charts

A new parameter `imagePath` is added into the `values.yaml` file of Helm chart. You can change the value of the `imagePath` parameter to pull images from different image repository.

### PowerHMC Sensor: Search query in the Infrastructure page

You can view PowerHMC Sensor by clicking **Infrastructure** or **Platforms** in the navigation bar of the Instana UI. Click on the **Map** tab of **Infrastructure**, and then you can search in the search bar by using any query like `entity.type:phmc`, `entity.type:phmc.console`, `entity.type:phmc.system`, `entity.type:phmc.lpar`, and `entity.type:phmc.vios`. In this way, the number of entities in the graph is reduced, and you can identity PowerHMC-related entities in the graph more quickly.

## Fixes

### Application tagging

A bug in application tagging makes some application perspectives display or tag immediate database and messaging services downstream incorrectly. Now this bug is fixed.

### IBM ACE Sensor
- A bug that prevented monitoring multiple remote instances on an agent is fixed.
- A fix for the security issue `WS-2019-0379` is delivered.

### IBM DataPower Sensor
A fix for the security issue `WS-2019-0379` is delivered.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Fix multiple selection in the Tests tab

Previously, a pagination problem happens after you filter with multiple selection in either the **Tests** tab in the Synthetic Monitoring UI or the **Synthetic Monitoring** tab in the Applications UI. Now the problem is solved.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Fix synthetic test input area

In the Step 2: Request details wizard of the *Create Synthetic Test* page in the Synthetic Monitoring UI, a bug where the letter `f` could not be typed into the input area is solved now.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Fix the limit in the Tests tab

When you filter synthetic tests in the **Tests** tab of the Synthetic Monitoring UI, the number of tests is calculated dynamically based on the time window instead of using a fixed limit.

#### Synthetic PoP: Fix the script bundle issue

When you create an API test by using the script bundle and specify a single folder to hold scripts, the API test failed. Now this issue is fixed.

### OracleDB Sensor

A bug that prevented monitoring the `FOREGROUND_SESSIONS` metric is fixed.

### Website monitoring

In rare cases, when fetch options were shared in multiple fetch requests, cross-site request forgery(CSRF) token authentication failed with the JavaScript agent (eum.min.js) of end-user monitoring. Now the bug is fixed.
