# Build 244

2023-03-07
## Features
### IBM ACE Sensor

The automatic discovery feature is added, which can list integration servers and start monitoring automatically without any configuration. For more information, see *Automatic discovery in ACE*.

### IBM MQ Sensor

Previously, monitoring two IBM MQ queue managers with the same name wasn't possible. Now you can configure two IBM MQ Queue Managers with the same name in the agent configuration file `<agent_install_dir>/etc/instana/configuration.yaml`. To distinguish them, you need to append `-<host>` to the queue manager name. For more information, see *monitoring IBM MQ documatation*.

### IBM MQ Tracing

The support for tracing publish and subscribe messages is added. You can use the `IBMMQ_PUBSUB_SUPPORT` property in the `mqtracingexit.conf` file to control whether the publish and subscribe support is enabled. For more information, see *Configuring IBM MQ Tracing*. 


## Improvements


### ACE Tracing
#### Enriched information for HTTP Sync Request node

New tags are added to the Instana UI for HTTP sync transport node. They include `requestURL`, `X-Original-HTTP-Status-Code`, `X-Original-HTTP-Status-Line`, and `X-Powered-By`. 
By using the new tags, now you can know the HTTP Sync Request destination URL, the request's response code, status line, and the technology that the target server used.

#### Enriched information for HTTP Reply node

A new tag, `replyStatusCode`, is added for HTTP Reply node. When the message flow executes completely, the HTTP Reply node gets the final response code and sets it as `replyStatusCode`. If the `replyStatusCode` is greater than `400`, the corresponding call is marked as an erroneous call.

#### Improved HTTP Async Request support

Previously, the HTTP Async Response node and HTTP Async Request node in a message flow could not be displayed in one tracing call.
Now the two flows can be tracked together in one tracing call.

### Distributed tracing support for Envoy Proxy

Support for the propagation of W3C Trace Context headers is available since [Envoy
Tracer 1.8.0](https://github.com/instana/envoy-tracing#180-2023-02-23). For more information, see *Support for W3C Trace Context*.

### Distributed tracing support for NGINX

Support for the propagation of W3C Trace Context headers is available since [NGINX
Tracer 1.8.0](https://github.com/instana/nginx-tracing#180-2023-02-23).  For more information, see *Support for W3C Trace Context*.

### IBM MQ Tracing

A new **MONITOR_LEVEL** property value `quiet` is added to prevent trace context propagation. If the **MONITOR_LEVEL** property is set to `quiet` in IBM MQ tracing, the trace correlation information will not be added to all messages. However, the messages can still be traced in the MQ server. For more information, see *Configuring IBM MQ Tracing. 

### Logging
The **Log Messages** tab in Application Perspectives has improved presentation.

### NGINX Tracing

A troubleshooting item about *trace continuity* with OpenResty Lua code is added to the *monitoring NGINX documentation*.

### Open Beta
#### Synthetic Monitoring: Validate URL in creating a test 

In the *Step 2: Request details wizard* of the **Create Synthetic Test** page on Synthetic Monitoring UI, the URL to be tested will be checked to see whether the formats and values are accepted.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Apply permissions to deploy a PoP

The **Deploy a PoP** button on Synthetic Monitoring UI is protected by the permission *Configuration of Synthetic locations*. The button will be hidden unless the user has permission to configure Synthetic locations.

#### Synthetic PoP: Upgrade some third-party modules

Some third-party modules are upgraded in Synthetic PoP. For more information, see *Supported third-party modules*. 

### Oracle Sensor

You can configure maximum 3 nonzero custom poll rates for a few metrics. In addition, you can enable or disable the given metrics by using the configuration file `<instana-agent-dir>/etc/instana/configuration.yaml`. For more information, see *Monitoring OracleDB*.

### Postgres Sensor

The metrics name is updated from **Tuples Read** to **Tuples Returned** to be consistent with [Postgres official document](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/monitoring-stats.html#MONITORING-PG-STAT-DATABASE-VIEW). The **Tuples Returned** metric is the number of live rows that are fetched by sequential scans plus the number of index entries that are returned by index scans.
For more information, see *Monitoring PostgreSQL*.
### Unbounded Analytics

The **Live mode** toggle in the **Logs** area has a `Disabled` state to indicate that the live mode of logging is not available.


## Fixes

### ACE Tracing

Previously, if the message tree does not include a message body, the `HTTPRequestHeader` is added before the **Properties** subtree. As a result, the message structure breaks and causes the `BIP2120E` error.
Now the ACE tracing can detect the **Properties** subtree location, and add the `HTTPRequestHeader` in a suitable location.


### Custom dashboards

The performance of the **calls per second** metric on custom dashboards is improved.

### IBM MQ Sensor

- Fixed the issue that two applications connect to the same IBM MQ queue manager queue shown as one item in the **Queue Usage by application** dashboard.
- Fixed the issue that when one remote IBM MQ Queue Manager is configured in the agent configuration file `<agent_install_dir>/etc/instana/configuration.yaml`, the local Queue Manager with the same name is shown on instana UI.

### Infrastructure context on logs

A bug that caused log messages to be associated with wrong infrastructure entities is fixed.

### Logging

The logo and name for LogDNA in the UI is updated to `Mezmo` to align with [the new branding](https://www.mezmo.com/logdna).

### Open Beta
#### Synthetic PoP: Fix a bug in calling kafka module

Fixed a bug `process.hrtime is not a function` in calling the kafka module.

### UI SearchInput boxes

In all search boxes across the entire Instana UI, the **X** icon that was used to clear the search text is removed from the **SearchInput** fields. The **X** icon is not supported in all browsers. The **X** icon was failing to clear the search text in several browsers. You can backspace or delete characters in the search input box to clear the text.