# Build 240

2023-01-10

## Features

### AutoTrace WebHook for Python replaces host agent based AutoTrace

Beginning with build 240, the AutoTrace WebHook is the supported automatic instrumentation method for Python.
If you still need the deprecated host agent based AutoTracing, you need to enable this feature manually.

### IBM i Sensor

Custom events for message queue with specific message Id's and message text based on the defined MessageQueue and MessageLibrary are added.

###  Log Analytics

In the header of the **Logs** area on Instana UI, a link is added to quickly access the documents of Log Analytics.

### Oracle support for new metrics

The following new metrics for Oracle sensor are provided:
* Active Session History
* Foreground Sessions
* List Of Queries Not Using Bind Variable In Code
* SQL Consuming More CPU
* Top CPU Consuming Sessions Last 10 Min
* Top CPU Queries Last 24 Hr
* Top Elapsed Time Queries
* Top Ten CPU Consuming Sessions
* Top Ten SQL With High IO Last 1 Hr
* Top Ten SQL With High IO Last 24 Hr
* Active Sessions
* Library Cache Hit Ratio

### PHP 8.1 support

The version 1.17.0 of the Instana PHP extension (included in PHP Sensor 1.1.75) adds support for PHP 8.1.

### Prometheus Sensor

Prometheus service discovery is improved by using [Prometheus Kubernetes annotations](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/) to discover Prometheus scrape endpoint and port.

### Sunsetting support for PHP On 32 bit architectures

The version 1.17.0 of the Instana PHP extension, which is the default in the latest PHP Sensor 1.1.75, no longer supports PHP on 32-bit CPU architectures. If PHP is run on a 32-bit architecture, you can stay on the version 1.16.8 of the Instana PHP extension by [pinning the extension version](../../ecosystem/php#configuration) via the `com.instana.plugin.php.tracing.pinExtensionVersion` setting.

### Technology Preview

#### Action framework

This feature enables an action framework in Instana to remediate events. You can leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI) to associate actions with events, and execute actions directly in the context of an event without leaving Instana.

For more information, see [Take Action from within Instana using our Action Framework](https://www.instana.com/blog/tech-preview-take-action-from-within-instana-using-our-action-framework).

This feature is not enabled by default. To try the action framework, contact `jeffh@ca.ibm.com` to enable this feature in your tenant unit.


## Improvements

### Closed Beta

#### Synthetic monitoring: Increasing CPU and memory for controller

The [request and limit](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits) of CPU and memory for PoP controller pod is increased. The CPU requests is changed to `200m`. The memory request is changed to `300Mi`, and the memory limit is changed to `500Mi`.

#### Synthetic monitoring: Adding Clusterrole and Clusterrolebinding

A [clusterrole](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#role-and-clusterrole) is defined, and the clusterrole is bound to PoP ServiceAccount by using the [clusterrolebinding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#rolebinding-and-clusterrolebinding). In the clusterrole, Synthetic PoP is granted with the permissions that are needed.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Creating a test

The following enhancements are made to the process of creating a synthetic test on Instana UI:

- Based on customer feedback and competitive analysis, the playback mode of a synthetic test will always be simultaneous across locations. Staggered mode will not be supported at this time.
- Scripts that contain the new NodeJS operators optional chaining, nullish coalescing operator and nullish coalescing assignment can be uploaded into a synthetic test by using the Instana UI.

### Containerd sensor

A **GetContainerInfo** button is added to the containerd dashboard to get the information of a specific container.

### Log Analytics

The logging area within unbounded analytics can now be accessed directly from the **Analytics** navigation drop-down list.

### NGINX Tracing

The tracing support for NGINX 1.23.3 and NGINX Plus R28 is added.

## Fixes

### Closed Beta

#### Synthetic monitoring: Compressing subtransactions by Gzip

The problem of compressing subtransactions by using the `gz` type instead of the `tgz` type is fixed.

### IBM DataPower Sensor

- The problem that the DataPower appliance down event is not triggered is fixed.
- The problem that the DataPower domain alert is not triggered is fixed.

### IBM MQ Tracing

The problem of service name extraction when the MQ server name contains the character "-" is fixed.

### Log Analytics

Minor style issue with the background of logs in the **Logs** area is fixed.

### Splunk Alert Channel notifications

A fix for incidents and closed events notifications in Splunk Alert Channel is added.

### Unified metrics based charts

The issue that the charts don't work as expected for zero latency call groups when you group the calls in the analytics page by latency is fixed.
