# Build 241

2023-01-24

## Features

### Open Beta: Adaptive Thresholds in Website Smart Alerts

Smart Alerts for Websites is extended to support **adaptive thresholds**. In contrast to **static thresholds**, **adaptive thresholds** are thresholds that automatically adapt to seasonal changes of the underlying metrics that are observed by Instana. For more information, see [Smart Alerts](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=websites-smart-alerts).

## Improvements

### Closed Beta

#### Synthetic monitoring: Deploy a PoP button

Several small enhancements appear in the **Deploy a PoP** button on Instana UI.
 - In the subtitle, you can use the link to go to the documentation about deploying the PoP.
 - In the sample command, parameters that need to be replaced for your own PoP deployment are noted with the '<' and '>' characters around the value. Some text in the examples are modified to clarify that you need to specify the value for the parameter.
 - The optional parameter for 'cluster' appears in the sample command. If you install the host agent, you need to specify the name of the cluster during deployment of the PoP so that the UI links from the **Locations** tab to the Kubernetes monitoring pages will work properly.

#### Synthetic monitoring: Filtering list of test results

The list of synthetic test results can be filtered by using the filter drop-down list. You can filter by location, and you can filter to view only the failing test results. The filters can be combined so that you can find the failing test results for a specific location.

### Application Perspectives and Infrastructure dashboard performance

The loading time of Stack on _Application Perspectives_ and _Infrastructure_ dashboards is improved.


### IBM MQ Sensor
Allowed instana agent to be configured with user defined queues to read performance/channel/qmgr events, instead of the previously hard coded local queues like "SYSTEM.ADMIN.PERFM.EVENT", "SYSTEM.ADMIN.CHANNEL.EVENT", "SYSTEM.ADMIN.QMGR.EVENT".


### IBM Power HMC Sensor
Introduced a new dashboard for the shared processor pool to display all the related metrics.


### IBM WebSphere AS Sensor

Previously, when you set PMI to the `basic` mode, the original PMI setting will be overriden. But now, you can set the `enable_pmi` field to `false`, and the original PMI setting will be kept.

The metrics are collected from PMI of WebSphere server. The required PMI data collection is enabled by default. That means if the `enable_pmi` field is not set or set  to `true` in the agent configuration file <agent_install_dir>/etc/instana/configuration.yaml file, the PMI will be enabled.

If the `enable_pmi` field is not set or set  to `false`, some PMI data can't be collected, such as the Object Pool data.

### Open Beta: Export to CSV in Analyze Infrastructure

The **Export to CSV** function in the _Analyze Infrastructure_ dashboard is enhanced to include the metric aggregation and unit as part of the column names, and the column names now match the metric names that are shown in the dashboard. The entity type is also appended to the CSV export file name.  

## Fixes

### Various dashboards

Incorrect counts on some KPIs are now fixed for Instana Agent, Mule ESB, Etcd, Cassandra and HAProxy dashboards.
