# Build 249

2023-05-16

## Breaking Changes

### Tibco EMS sensor

Tibco EMS sensor is significantly improved to support monitoring all the topics and queues of a Tibco EMS instance. These changes impact not only Tibco EMS sensor but also the Instana backend and Instana UI and might result in the loss of historical data. The historical data might be present in the database but won't appear in the Instana UI.

## Features

### Open Beta 

#### Monitoring Synthetic PoP

A new sensor is delivered to monitor the health of Instana Synthetic PoP and fire an event in case of an issue.

### Kong API Gateway

A new sensor that monitors Kong API Gateway is available now as open beta. It collects metrics from Kong API Gateway. The metrics list might vary depending on whether or not the Prometheus plug-in is used.
  
### Tibco EMS: Multiple topic and queue monitoring

Tibco EMS sensor supports monitoring more than 180 topics and queues now.

### Workload version and management

When viewing workloads such as Deployments, DeploymentConfigs, DaemonSets, CronJobs, Jobs, and Pods, you can see the version of the workload (when available).  In addition to the version, you can see an icon that indicates whether the workload is managed by Helm or Kustomize (when available). When available, the version and icon are displayed in the header, beside the name of the workload being viewed.

## Improvements

### IBM MQ sensor

The `Channel Type` metric is added to support Dynamic Focus Query for events.

### Tuxedo Sensor

A new column is added in the Queue table to represent the count of current messages.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Enhanced audit log messages

The audit log messages for Synthetic monitoring now include the ID of the affected resource. For example, if a Synthetic test is modified or deleted by using either the API or the Instana UI, the test ID is included in the audit log message. Similarly, if a Synthetic location is deleted, the location ID will appear in the audit log message.

#### Synthetic PoP: Support external secrets

Now you can use your own secrets when you deploy Synthetic PoP with the download key, Instana key, Redis password, and proxy username or password.

### Enhancing the association between Kubernetes nodes and infrastructure hosts

A feature has been added to enhance the association between Kubernetes nodes and infrastructure hosts. To further improve the monitoring capabilities, a new sortable column titled "Monitored by Instana" has been introduced on the Nodes tab of the Platforms / Kubernetes / Cluster view. This new column provides a direct link to the corresponding hosts managed by Instana. With this enhancement, it is easier to navigate from the nodes list to specific hosts.

## Fixes

### IBM MQ sensor

The `Current Publish Count` metric is fixed. Now, it represents the total number of published messages made by all publications (publishers) that are currently being published to this topic.

### IBM MQ tracing

The length of the IBM MQ message header `X_INSTANA_T`, which contains the Instana trace ID, is changed to 16 characters in length.

### Mobile App monitoring

React-native agent 1.11.0 and Flutter agent 2.4.1 use Instana Android SDK 5.2.4, which fixes a bug in the exception handling for closed stream in `HttpURLConnection`.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Filtering on the GetTestSummaryList API

Previously, filtering when querying `getTestSummaryList` failed to return correct results for any operator other than `EQUALS`. All filter operators on the `getTestSummaryList` API now work.

#### Synthetic PoP: Fix the crash issue of the Javascript playback engine

Previously, the Javascript playback engine crashed when Instana autotrace webhook was installed in the Kubernetes cluster. The issue is fixed now.

## Deprecations

### HAProxy built-in events
