# Build 246

2023-04-04
## Features

###  Exploration chart in the Infrastructure Analytics page

For further entities exploration, you can select a chart metric to display its values across all filtered entities.

### IBM MQ tracing

- The Instana UI now supports displaying message headers. You can use the `IBMMQ_RFH2_HEADERS_TO_EXPOSE` property in the `mqtracingexit.conf` file to specify a list of message headers that must be included in the span payload.

- The IBM MQ tracing user exit now supports the environment variable `INSTANA_SERVICE_NAME`. You can set a custom service name by setting the environment variable `INSTANA_SERVICE_NAME` in the `mqtracingexit.conf` file for the IBM MQ processes.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Smart Alerts creation via UI

You can create and edit Smart Alerts for synthetic tests from the **Smart Alert** tab in the **Synthetic Monitoring** page. To create Smart Alerts, click the **Add** button.
In the **Smart Alerts** tab, you can view the details of the smart alerts and navigate to the events.

You can go to the Smart Alert configuration from a Synthetic Smart Alert event. To view or modify the alert configuration from an event, click the **View Alerting Configuration** button in the **Event** UI.

#### Podman container engine monitoring

Instana automatically discovers and monitors Podman containers to provide you with real-time insights into metadata (labels), metrics, and any supported technologies that are running within each discovered container.
The Podman sensor is automatically deployed and configured after you install the Instana agent.

### Tracing support for NGINX 1.15.3

Tracing support for NGINX 1.15.3 is added.

### Website monitoring

The website monitoring now supports uploading Javascript sourcemap to parse stack trace with error beacons. 

## Improvements

### IBM MQ tracing

The default value of the property `IBMMQ_PUBSUB_SUPPORT` in the `mqtracingexit.conf` file is changed to `off`.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic PoP: NetworkPolicyEnabled flag

A `NetworkPolicyEnabled` flag is added into the `values.yaml` file of Helm charts. The `NetworkPolicyEnabled` flag allows you to disable the installation of the network policy when deploying PoP by passing the parameter `--set networkPolicyEnabled=false`.

#### Synthetic PoP: Proxy type and authentication

Two parameters `proxy.popProxyProtocol` and `proxy.popProxyUserPass` are added into the `values.yaml` file of Helm charts.

#### Synthetic monitoring: Link to Smart Alerts in alert channel configuration

In the alert channel configuration UI, now you can see Synthetic Smart Alerts that are associated with the alert channel and the links to go to these Synthetic Smart Alerts.

#### Multi-dimensional metric visualization in Infrastructure Analytics

Infrastructure Analytics and the Infrastructure Analyze APIs now support multi-dimensional metric visualization capabilities. You can view custom metrics of your Prometheus and JVM with associated infrastructure. In addition, you can filter and group metrics by using custom metric tags in the Instana UI and API.

## Fixes

### Flow map

Previously, service types were missing in the flow map. This bug is fixed now.

### IBM ACE sensor

Previously, only the SSL key with the beginning delimiter `--BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY--` was supported. The SSL key with the beginning delimiter `--BEGIN PRIVATE KEY--` was not supported for container-based ACE environment.
Now, the SSL key with the beginning delimiter `--BEGIN PRIVATE KEY--` is also supported.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Filter lists are incomplete on the Tests tab in the UI

Previously, after you selected an option in a filter on the **Tests** tab in the Synthetic Monitoring UI, you were not able to view the remaining list of the filter options and to select another option in the filter. Now, this issue is resolved.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Clickhouse cleanup doesn't remove synthetic results older than the retention period

The Clickhouse cleanup doesn't remove synthetic results that are older than the retention period for both self-hosted Instana and Instana SaaS. Now, the synthetic results that are older than the retention period are removed.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Duplicate tests sometimes appear on the Tests tab in the Synthetic Monitoring UI

Previously, sometimes duplicate tests appeared on the **Tests** tab of the Synthetic Monitoring UI. Now this issue is resolved.

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Bars in failure chart on Summary tab are not aligned with alert time

Previously, the bars on the **Failure** chart on the **Summary** tab of the Synthetic Monitoring UI were not aligned with the time of the alerts. Now the bars on the **Failure** chart are aligned with the alert events by using the `start_time` metric of the test result instead of the `finish_time` metric of the test result.

#### Synthetic PoP: expectStatus bug when error code is greater than 400

Previously, the `expectStatus` validation did not work for `HTTPAction` test if the status code is greater than 400. Now this issue is resolved.