# Build 250

2023-05-30

## Features

### Application monitoring

Application Smart Alerts provides an ability to alert on the number of erroneous calls (besides error rate).

### Custom payloads in Synthetic Smart Alerts

You can configure Synthetic Smart Alerts with custom payloads.

### IBM ACE Tracing

The IBM ACE Tracing user exit image is now available in the Instana public artifactory for customers to download.

###  IBM DataPower sensor

Instana supports monitoring XML names of DataPower, and a table `XML Names` is added to the Instana UI.

###  IBM MQ Tracing

The IBM MQ Tracing user exit image is now available in the Instana public artifactory for customers to download.

### Instagorm

Instana provides support for instrumenting the GORM library in the Go ecosystem.

### Mobile App monitoring

Flutter agent 2.6.0 is released with the following two features:

* Capturing HTTP calls that are issued inside iOS platforms (in Swift or Objective C) and Android platforms (in Kotlin or Java).
* Capturing HTTP calls that are issued within Dart.

### Technology preview

#### Mobile App monitoring: Crash collection

Instana now supports mobile App crash collection as Technology preview. 

## Improvements

### Custom events

Now, when you use multiple metric conditions in a custom event, you are able to combine these metric conditions with the OR logical operator, in addition to the AND logical operator.

### IBM i sensor

Instana supports monitoring metrics and configuration data for IBM i platform 7.5.

### Trace details

A link "Download call details" is added to the header of call details.

### Website monitoring

The following open APIs for Javascript source map uploading are updated to be compliant with the OpenAPI specification:

* Upload source map file for website
* Clear source map files for source map upload configuration


## Fixes

### Application Metrics API

Previously, some snapshot IDs that were returned by the API endpoint `/api/application-monitoring/metrics/services` did not match the filter specified in the request. Now, the issue is fixed.

### IBM ACE sensor

Previously, the flow nodes metrics were lost in flow nodes table for container-based IBM App Connect Enterprise (ACE) environments. The issue is fixed now.

### IBM ACE Tracing

The HTTP request header `X-INSTANA-T` and the IBM MQ message header `X_INSTANA_T`, which contain the Instana trace ID, are changed to 16 characters in length.

### Trace details

Previously, website and mobile beacons weren't displayed in the Details panel of the Trace view on the Analytics dashboard. This issue is fixed now.

### Unbounded analytics

Previously, the sidebar search filters were not appearing in the API query menu in the Query Builder on the Analytics dashboard. This issue is fixed now.

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic monitoring: API details

Previously, when you queried Synthetic test results by using the `api/synthetic/results` Open API and used the metrics with aggregated values in the "order by" part of the API call, the call failed, and no results were returned. This issue is fixed now.

#### Synthetic PoP: Javascript playback engine

Previously, when an API script test ran abnormally in the Javascript playback engine, the Javascript playback engine couldn't run other tests. Now, the issue is fixed.
