# Build 255
2023-08-08

## Features

### Multiple levels of grouping in Analyze Infrastructure

You can add up to 5 levels of grouping in the **Analyze Infrastructure** page in the Instana UI to analyze infrastructure across multiple dimensions.

### Support for the instrumentation of go-fiber in Go Tracer

Support is added for the instrumentation go-fiber in Go Tracer.

## Improvements

### Apache HTTPd tracing

Apache HTTPd tracing modules can now dynamically enable or disable tracing by detecting for configuration changes in the agent configuration file.

### IBM Db2 LUW sensor

You can now configure the default value for both the `loginTimeout` property and the `lockAndLongQueryInterval` threshold interval for the IBM Db2 LUW sensor.

### Metric threshold warning

A warning is displayed on the dashboards of Instana to notify users that some metrics are not displayed in the Instana UI because most plugins have a limit of 3000 metrics per entity.

### User lists

- Now, the general user list, which can be found by clicking **Settings > Team settings** in the Instana UI, includes the two-factor authentication status of each user. In addition, you can sort the general user list based on the columns.
- Previously, when you clicked **Settings > Authentication > Two Factor > Users** in the Instana UI, you could see the list of two-factor authentication users. Now, the list is removed because the information is included in the general user list, which can be found by clicking **Settings > Team settings**.

## Fixes

### Application dependency map

The issue that caused services to be displayed as a single column is now fixed.

### IBM ACE sensor

Previously, users failed to query entities with Dynamic Focus Query (DFQ) for message flows. For example, when you filtered with `'entity.ace.messageFlow.name:*'`, nothing was returned even though some message flow entities exist. The issue is fixed now.

### Synthetic Monitoring

The following fixes are included in this release:
- When you edit a Synthetic test, you can remove all assigned locations.
- When you create or edit a Synthetic test, the **Create test** and **Save test** buttons are enabled only if all validation checks are successful.
- Consistency problems no longer occur when you change between ExpectStatus and ExpectJSON in an API Simple test in Advanced mode.
- After the Synthetic PoP is upgraded, the link on the **Location** tab to the PoP sensor pages works seamlessly. It no longer stops working.
- You can use only unique header elements and custom property elements for creating tests.
- You can delete empty script tests by using the Instana UI.
- The size of the scroll window for selecting locations in Wizard mode when you create a test is too small if there are a small number of locations. This issue is fixed.
- The Response Size KPI card on the Result Details page no longer shows an incorrect zero value. 
- When you edit a Synthetic test, you cannot change the main file name of a bundled script test. To change the main file name for a script bundle, you must delete and recreate the test and provide the correct main file name.

### Temporary dynamic IBM MQ queue and service mapping

For each temporary dynamic IBM MQ queue that starts with the prefix "AMQ.", a service with the same name as the queue is created automatically.
