# Build 252

2023-06-27

## Features

### AWS CloudFront

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors AWS CloudFront. For more information, see [AWS support](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/aws/index.md).

### Open Beta

#### Action Framework

Action Framework is now available as Open Beta in Instana SaaS environments. By using this feature, you can add automation directly into Instana to diagnose and remediate events.
For more information, see [Action Framework (Open Beta)](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/automation/index.md).

#### Monitoring IBM PowerVC

A new sensor for monitoring IBM PowerVC is implemented as Open Beta. For more information, see [Monitoring IBM PowerVC](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/powervc/index.md).

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Secure credentials

Many script-based Synthetic tests require the use of credentials to run the test against an application. You are provided with new permissions to control which users can create and use credentials. For more information, see [Permissions for Synthetic Monitoring](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/synthetic_monitoring/synmon_permissions.md#permission-details).

New Open APIs are also available so that you can create a credential in a Synthetic test and get a list of credential names by using APIs. For more information, see the APIs in the [Synthetic settings section](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#tag/Synthetic-Settings).

For information about how to use the Synthetic credential in a script-based Synthetic test, see the [API Script guide](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/synthetic_monitoring/api_script.md#instana-api-script-reference).

**Note:** This feature will be enabled in Instana SaaS one region at a time once Instana 252 is available, beginning with the Orange region.

### WebSphere Application Server sensor

#### Add events for WAS certification expiration

In the Instana UI you can now see the remaining days before certificate expiration in the metrics that are related to WebSphere Application Server. For more information, see [Monitoring WebSphere Application Server](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/websphere-as/index.md).

#### Add JMS connection data

Added Java Message Service (JMS) connection data. For more information, see [Monitoring WebSphere Application Server](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/websphere-as/index.md).

## Improvements

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Deletion confirmation dialog enhancements

The confirmation dialogs that appear when you request to delete a test or delete a location are enhanced for consistency with other parts of the Instana UI.
The dialogs allow you to enter an optional reason for the deletion and require you to enter specific confirmation text.  
In addition, the ability to delete a test has moved from the **Tests** tab to the **Configuration** tab of a specific Synthetic test.

For more information about deleting a test, see [Viewing the configuration for a test](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/synthetic_monitoring/mon_endpoints.md#viewing-the-configuration-for-a-test).

For more information about deleting a location, see the documentation of the **Locations** tab in [Using the Synthetic Monitoring user interface](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/synthetic_monitoring/synmon_ui.md#the-locations-tab).

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Open API documentation improvements

The following updates are made to the Synthetic Monitoring section of the Open API documentation:
- Permissions that are required for all operations are added to the documentation.
- The schemas for the payloads for PATCH and PUT operations are updated.

For more information about the Synthetic Monitoring APIs, see [Open API documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi).

## Fixes

### IBM DataPower sensor

You can now use Dynamic Focus Query (DFQ) in filters for all DataPower entities like appliance, cluster, domain, and service; for example: 'entity.ibmdatapower.domain.name:*'. For more information about using Dynamic Focus Query (DFQ), see [Filtering with dynamic focus](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/dynamic_focus/index.md).

### IBM MQ sensor

You can now use Dynamic Focus Query (DFQ) in filters for all MQ entities like channel, cluster, listener, mqttchannel, qm and queue; for example: 'entity.ibmmq.queue.name:*'. For more information about using Dynamic Focus Query (DFQ), see [Filtering with dynamic focus](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/dynamic_focus/index.md).

### Open Beta

#### Synthetic Monitoring: Removal of extra elements during test creation in the UI

During Synthetic test creation in the Instana UI, empty elements for headers and custom properties were added to the test definition. This issue is fixed now.

### WebSphere Application Server sensor

Sometimes WebSphere application server 9 command line failed to be retrieved, so that WebSphere application server was not monitored by Instana. The issue is fixed now.