# Build 258

2023-09-19

##  Breaking Changes

### Deprecated Legacy Python AutoTrace is disabled by default

After the release of Instana - Python - Discovery version 1.9.12, the deprecated Python autotracing feature is not enabled by default. _If you still use this deprecated feature, prepare for its removal_. For more information about the options, see [Deprecated: Legacy Python AutoTrace](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=technologies-monitoring-python-instana-python-package#deprecated-legacy-python-autotrace).

### IBM Db2 LUW sensor: Infrastructure dashboard

The number of rows that are displayed in the following tiles is limited:
- Table Space Utilities: Up to 200 rows based on the table size
- Table Sizes (per schema): Up to 50 rows based on the table size
- Tables Catalog View (per schema): Up to 50 rows based on Stats Time
- Index Catalog View (per schema): Up to 50 rows based on Stats Time

##  Features

### AWS Fargate ECMAScript modules support for Node.js tracer

The ECMAScript modules support is added for AWS Fargate for Node.js tracer. For more information, see [ECMAScript modules](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=agents-aws-fargate#ecmascript-modules).

### Envoy Proxy sensor

Envoy Proxy sensor 1.1.0 now supports YAML configuration parsing and containerized environments.

The YAML configuration parsing drops the requirement to set the `--admin-address-path` command-line argument.
Also, log messages are improved, and several bugs are fixed, such as displaying absolute configuration paths properly in the Instana UI.

### Host sensor

The host sensor now supports the collection of disk I/O utilization on Red Hat Linux 7.9 or later.

### IBM ACE tracing

For ACE 12.0.7 or later, you can enable the ACE tracing automatically through Instana AutoTrace WebHook in the IBM Cloud Pak for Integration environment.

### Search in the Table widget for Infrastructure and Platforms

The Table widget for Infrastructure and Platforms now supports searching in the table.

### Containerd Sensor 1.0.32: Normalized CPU and Memory Working Set utilization metrics

The Containerd sensor now supports Normalized CPU utilization and Memory Working Set utilization metrics.

## Improvements

### IBM Db2 LUW sensor

The Recent Backup Details tile is added in the Infrastructure dashboard for IBM Db2. The latest 10 full offline backups of IBM Db2 are displayed in the tile.

### Keyboard navigation for the custom dashboard

In the search box of the custom dashboard, you can use the keyboard for navigation from the search list.

### New permissions to create heap dumps and thread dumps

The new permissions **Create heap dump** and **Create thread dump** are introduced in Instana.

These permissions are now required to trigger the creation of heap dumps and thread dumps, which are available on the Infrastructure dashboard of JVMs.
Members of the Owner group automatically have these permissions and can grant these permissions to other groups.

### Synthetic monitoring Browser tests (Beta): Browser logs

In the Synthetic test results details page, the **Browser** section is enhanced. Each message in the log is displayed separately with severity.

### Synthetic PoP

- The `nodeSelector` and `taintSelector` parameters are added to the `values.yaml` file of the Synthetic PoP Helm chart. To avoid potential monitoring data loss in the Synthetic PoP dashboard after a PoP upgrade, assign the PoP controller pod to a fixed node by using the `nodeSelector` and `taintSelector` parameters. For more information, see [Monitoring Synthetic PoP](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=monitoring-pop-deployment#monitoring).
- The Synthetic test types in the Synthetic PoP dashboard are renamed to make it consistent with the Synthetic Monitoring page. The format of the PoP name is changed from `Synthetic PoP @locationDisplayName` to `Synthetic PoP @locationName`.
- A built-in monitoring issue [Call PoP health failed](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=technologies-monitoring-synthetic-pop#call-pop-health-failed) and a built-in event [Reporting result queue depth is high](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=references-built-in-events-reference#synthetic-pop) are added for Synthetic PoP.

### Table widget for Infrastructure and Platforms: Enhanced sorting fields

The **Default Sort** field in the Table widget for **Infrastructure & Platforms** data source is renamed to **Sort By**. The **Sort Direction** field is also added to the Table widget. You can configure this field to set the default sorting direction for infrastructure metrics in the table. For more information, see [Creating a Table widget](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/instana-observability/current?topic=infrastructure-creating-table-widget-beta#creating-a-table-widget-for-infrastructure-and-platforms-technology-preview).

### Action framework: Link to access initiator's profile in Action History

In the action run details window, a link to access the details of the initiator is added. The initiator is the user who ran the action. The link is displayed in the Details tab. To view the action run details, go to **Automation** > **Action History**, and then click an action run.

## Fixes

### AutoTrace WebHook 1.257.3: Fixes for NGINX autotracing

In the context of Instana AutoTrace WebHook, the issue with the extraction of the NGINX version is fixed now with the support of whitespace.
The security issue `CVE-2022-28948` is fixed now. 
These fixes are available in AutoTrace WebHook 1.257.3 and later.

### Deployment configs links in the top deployments card point to incorrect URL

In the **Deployment configs** tab of the **Top Deployments** card on the Kubernetes cluster view page, if you select an item, you are redirected to an incorrect URL. This issue is fixed. Now, when you select a deployment config item, you are redirected to the correct URL.

### IBM ACE sensor

Previously, the IBM ACE sensor depended on the `jaxb-api-2.3.0.jar` package. Now the dependency is removed.

### IBM Db2 LUW sensor: Tiles in Infrastucture dashboard 

The Table Sizes, Tables Catalog, and Index Catalog tiles in the Infrastructire dashboards were not visible for local monitoring. This issue is fixed.

### Infrastructure and Kubernetes information on IBM ACE service dashboards

Previously, when you clicked the **Stack** button on IBM ACE service dashboards, only the IBM ACE Message Flow entity was displayed. Now, the infrastructure and Kubernetes entities that are related to the IBM ACE service are also displayed.

### Logging pages no longer show infrastructure information that had no value set

In the logging pages of the Instana UI, you can see infrastructure information that is associated with log messages. Previously, the numeric infrastructure information that had no value set were displayed as `0` in the infrastructure columns. Now, such infrastructure information is not displayed in the logging pages.

### NGINX tracing

The issue with the extraction of the NGINX version is fixed now with the support of whitespace.

The security issue `CVE-2022-28948` is fixed now. 

### Synthetic monitoring

- The "Known issue" related to the deletion of Synthetic locations is resolved. A label for the deleted location is displayed in the "_locationId_-deleted" format. The label for the deleted location is visible on the **Results** tab for a test, the Results tile on the **Summary** tab, and the Location column in the **Tests** tab. You can filter the results from a deleted location by using the label.
- If the Instana agent and the PoP sensor to monitor Synthetic PoP were not deployed, the Locations page could not be displayed. This issue is fixed.
- The Synthetic locations remained displayed in the UI even after they were deleted. If you selected a deleted location, an error message was displayed. Now, the deleted Synthetic locations are removed from the UI immediately.
- If you searched for a set of Synthetic tests by using the Search field on the **Tests** tab, clicked a test, and then selected the **Results** tab, no test results were displayed. Pagination was not reset. Now, pagination is reset correctly on the **Results** tab.

### Deployment configs links in the top deployments card point to incorrect URL

In the **Deployment configs** tab of the **Top Deployments** card on the Kubernetes cluster view page, if you select an item, you are redirected to an incorrect URL. This issue is fixed. Now, when you select a deployment config item, you are redirected to the correct URL.

### Sorting for groups in the Table widget for Infrastructure and Platforms

Previously, only metrics and the entity name were added to the sorting options in the Table widget for Infrastructure and Platforms. Now, groups are added to the sorting options. When you group on tags, you can sort by using these tags.
