# Build 259

2023-10-03

##  Features

### Azure MySQL Database

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Azure MySQL Database.

### Go Tracer SDK support for AWS SDK v2

Go Tracer SDK now supports the instrumentation of the [aws-sdk-go-v2](https://aws.github.io/aws-sdk-go-v2/docs/) package. For more information, see [instaawsv2](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/instana/go-sensor/instrumentation/instaawsv2@v0.1.0#section-readme).

### IBM MQ Tracing

You can now specify a local source address for outgoing traffic from the IBM MQ Tracing user exit.

### Infrastructure payload APIs

New infrastructure endpoints are available that enable the retrieval of resource payloads:

- `GET /api/infrastructure-monitoring/catalog/payloads/{pluginId}` retrieves payload keys for a specific plug-in. Currently, this API retrieves only keys for the IBM Db2 Database plug-in (`db2Database`). For more information, see the infrastructure catalog APIs in the [OpenAPI documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#operation/getAvailablePayloadKeysByPluginId).
- `GET /api/infrastructure-monitoring/payloads/{snapshotId}/{payloadKey}` retrieves the payload for a specific snapshot and payload key. For more information, see the infrastructure resources APIs in the [OpenAPI documentation](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#operation/getPluginPayload).

### Support for Workers metrics in JBoss sensor

JBoss sensor now retrieves `Workers` metrics, such as `BusyWorkerThreadCount`, `WorkerQueueSize`, and `ConnectionCounts` for JBoss EAP 7.0.9 or later.

## Improvements

### New properties for Synthetic tests

The following properties are added in the REST API for Synthetic tests:
 - createdAt: The time at which the test was created.
 - modifiedAt: The time at which the test was modified.

You can use these properties to determine whether the test configuration was modified and whether the test failed or succeeded after the modification.

### Allow users to unmask the Change Password input field

A new feature is added to unmask the **Change Password** input field to make sure that the password is entered correctly.

### IBM i sensor

Some metrics from Hardware Disk Drives (HDD), history logs, and overall disk status are updated so that users can view all the metrics in the Instana UI. Previously, users couldn't view all the metrics in the UI for the 3,000 metrics count limit.
The default poll rates for the following tables are updated:

  - Total Spool Space
  - Solid State Disk (SSD) Info
  - Network connections (Top Receivers)
  - Network connections (Top Sender)
  - Netstat Interfaces
  - Non Volatile Memory Express(NVMe) Information
  - Hardware Disk Drives (HDD) Info

### Linking calls to services that are running behind Kubernetes NodePort

Instana now supports linking calls to services that are running behind Kubernetes NodePort. By linking calls to services, you can find which infrastructure entities the calls are going to.

### Logs with large messages

On the Logs page, improvements are implemented for the interface and behavior of log items with large messages:
- You can now expand and collapse the log message text with the log item.
- The action buttons on log items are aligned to the upper right for more convenience.

### Trace detail view

The Trace detail view can now display orphan calls in large traces.

###  Unbounded Analytics

OpenTelemetry static tags, **OpenTelemetry Tag** and **OpenTelemetry Resource Tag**, are added as an alternative to the existing OpenTelemetry dynamic tags. While the existing dynamic tags are limited to 500 attributes, the static tags do not have this limit.

## Fixes

### IBM MQ sensor

Previously, the `agent.log` file contained a warning message, such as "Sensor com.instana.plugin.ibmmq:QmgrName-IP took 4450 ms". Now, the message is not included in the `agent.log` file.

### Synthetic monitoring

If the credentials to run a Synthetic test could not be retrieved, the test status was shown as failed. Now if the credentials to run a test cannot be retrieved, the test is not run.
The broken links to the online documentation on the Synthetic Monitoring pages in the Instana UI are fixed.
If the testSummaryList API was called without specifying the order of the results, the returned totalHits count was incorrect. Now this issue is fixed.
The entries on the **Locations** tab on the Synthetic Monitoring page in the Instana UI could be sorted using the Health column. Now sort is disabled for the Health column.


### Two-factor authentication tokens

Two-factor authentication (2FA) tokens with a leading zero could not be entered in the Instana UI. This issue is now fixed.
