# Build 267

2024-02-20

## Breaking Changes

### Enabling Two-Factor Authentication to create, update, or delete automation actions
To provide enhanced security, [Two-Factor Authentication](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/SSE1JP5_current/src/pages/admin/user-settings.html#two-factor-authentication-2fa) is required to create, update, copy, or delete actions.

## Features

### Business monitoring
The events dashboard on the Event page now displays a table of business processes that are impacted by the affected entity.

### Go Tracer
Instrumentation is enhanced for Azure Cosmos DB SDK.

Go Tracer now supports the following versions of packages in the existing instrumentation:
- Beego 2.1.6
- gRPC-Go 1.61.1
- Mongo-driver 1.14.0
- Go-redis 9.5.0
- GORM 1.25.7
- Google Cloud Storage 1.38.0
- Aws-sdk-go 1.50.20
- Aws-sdk-go-v2 1.25.0
 
### OpenTelemetry: Instana backend HTTP support for OTLP metrics
The Instana backend now supports receiving OpenTelemetry OTLP metrics in HTTP format. For more information, see [Sending OpenTelemetry data to the Instana backend](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/SSE1JP5_current/src/pages/ecosystem/opentelemetry/instana-backend.html).
 
### OpenTelemetry-based sensor SDK (beta)
The OpenTelemetry-based sensor SDK (beta) now supports generic metrics for operating systems. For more information, see [OpenTelemetry-based sensor SDK (beta)](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/SSE1JP5_current/src/pages/ecosystem/sensor-sdk/index.html).

### Widgets enhancements on custom dashboard
The widgets in your custom dashboards now have a zoom-in feature.

## Improvements

### Support for Elasticsearch 8.11.3
The Elasticsearch sensor now supports monitoring metrics and configuration data for Elasticsearch 0.17.0 to 8.11.3.

### SAP ABAP sensor
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors SAP ABAP Gateway Front End Error Logs and Lock Entry metrics. For more information, see [Monitoring SAP with ABAP Sensor(beta)](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/SSE1JP5_current/src/pages/ecosystem/sap_monitoring/abap_sensor.html).
 
## Fixes

### API Query: Toggle is removed
The Include filter sidebar items toggle is removed from the API Query window. The items in the sidebar are included in the API query by default.

### Business monitoring
If the business activity has no name, the Business monitoring dashboard shows the activity type instead of a blank string by default.
 
### Call details
The details of recent calls failed to load occasionally. This issue is now fixed.

### Cassandra sensor
A node was not discovered as Cassandra for DataStax Enterprise (DSE) 4.6. This issue is now fixed.

### Layout of the Troubleshooting tab
The layout of the tiles on the Troubleshooting tab for services is adjusted to match other screens when the window size is reduced.

### Service Endpoint List in Calls
The sorting order is retained in the Service Endpoint List pane. The endpoint name is displayed in full in the Endpoint column, with no ellipsis.

### Synthetic monitoring
 - If you edited a Synthetic test that included a .js file with strings, the file could not be saved and an incorrect error message appeared. This issue is now fixed.
 - Synthetic test details were removed before the retention period expired. The retention period of test details is corrected. The test details are retained for 60 days. The issue did not affect retention of Synthetic test results.
