## Build 264

2024-01-09

## Breaking Changes

### Node.js Tracer upgrade: Version 2 to version 3

Node.js Tracer no longer supports Node.js 10, 12, and several deprecated libraries.

## Features

### Automation actions: GitHub Issue, GitLab Issue, and Jira Task

Instana now supports GitHub Issue, GitLab Issue, and Jira Task automation actions. With these new automation actions, you can open, close, or add a comment to an issue or a task by using the Automation Action Issue sensor.

### Details of Android app crashes (beta)

Details of Android app crashes are available in the mobile app dashboards as a beta feature. Instana supports the translation of obfuscated Java code in the stack trace of Android apps.

### IBM MQ Tracing

The IBM MQ Tracing user exit now supports both generating and sending the OpenTelemetry span data to OTLP receivers.

### Node.js Tracer: AWS Lambda Node.js 20.x support

Node.js Tracer now supports the AWS Lambda Node.js 20.x runtime.

### Node.js Tracer: Azure App Service support

Instana now supports monitoring of Node.js applications that run as Azure App Service. The new package `@instana/azure-container-services` is now available.

###  Node.js Tracer: Node.js 21 support

Instana now supports Node.js 21. However, a known issue with broken [ESM support](https://github.com/nodejs/loaders/issues/147) exists since Node.js 20.

### PHP Tracer 2: ARM64 support

PHP Tracer 2 now supports ARM64 starting from version 2.1.1. You can get the same capabilities with ARM64 as you get with AMD64.

### PHP Tracer 2: cgroup v2 support

PHP Tracer 2 now supports cgroup v2. You can manually deploy PHP Tracer 2 into containerized environments.

### PHP Tracer 2: PHP 8.3 support

PHP Tracer 2 now supports PHP 8.3 starting from version 2.1.1. You get the same capabilities with PHP 8.3 as you get with PHP 8.2.

### PowerVC sensor

PowerVC sensor is now available as GA. It now supports more metrics that are related to compute server and storage.

### Turbonomic sensor (beta)

Instana supports IBM Turbonomic with the Turbonomic sensor. You can view the actions that are run on Turbonomic in the Instana UI.  

## Improvements

### Actions lane for Kubernetes charts

The Actions swimlane is added in Kubernetes charts.

### Action scripts on Windows and macOS

Instana supports the `RunAs` configuration for action scripts on Windows and macOS platforms. 

### Dynamic parameters for automation actions

The event severity, source, state, text, and type are added to the tag catalog list for dynamic parameters in automation actions.

### Elasticsearch sensor: Add support for Elasticsearch 8.3.3

The Elasticsearch sensor now supports monitoring metrics and configuration data for Elasticsearch 0.17.0 to 8.3.3.

### Extending API query

The **API Query** button now generates results that match the UI search of **Unbounded Analytics**. This enhancement includes support for the grouping statement and the inclusion of filter expressions for internal calls and Synthetic calls, which were not available before.

### Grafana data source

- The deprecated Instana REST API calls in Grafana data source are replaced with new REST API calls.
- The filters for Analyze application and Analyze website in the Grafana data source are enhanced.

### Native histogram metric support

Discrete histogram metrics, such as bucket, sum, and count, are not stored as separate metrics when the native histogram metric support is enabled. This action makes it easier to find native histogram metrics in the metric catalog when you create custom dashboards.

### Network File System Monitoring

Instana now supports Reads and Writes per second for Network File Filesystems (NFS).

### PHP sensor: Autoupdate capability

Starting from PHP sensor 1.2.5, stable releases of PHP Tracer 2 are now automatically deployed for all supported versions. For versions unsupported by PHP Tracer 2, the last stable release of PHP Tracer 1 remains in place.

### Synthetic Monitoring

- If you do not have the 'canUseSyntheticCredentials' permission and attempt to create a Synthetic test with credentials, a message shows up in the UI. This message explains that the test cannot be created due to the lack of permission.
- The message that appears when you delete a Synthetic test or a Synthetic location is enhanced. The expected UI behavior after deletion is included in the message.
- The BrowserScript playback engine now includes East Asian languages such as Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Japanese, and Korean starting from Synthetic PoP 1.1.3. This enhancement ensures that captured screenshots and recorded videos display correctly with the corresponding fonts.

### Trace detail view

The call count metric is added in the Service Endpoint List. To see the call count details in the Service Endpoint List, click Analytics in the Instana UI, and then click a specific call.

## Fixes

### Apache HTTPd Tracing

Previously, after Apache HTTPd Tracing was installed, it couldn't be loaded correctly on Apache 2.4.6. This issue is fixed now.

### IBM MQ sensor

The IBM MQ sensor experienced high CPU usage in some situations when the IBM MQ queue manager had more than 1000 channels. This issue is fixed now.

### IBM MQ Tracing

- The IBM MQ Tracing user exit had issues in loading on AIX when it is installed to a nondefault directory. This issue is fixed now.
- Previously, when messages are sent with a Java program by using IBM MQ native shared libraries, the PUT span was lost. This issue is fixed now.

### OpenID Connect (OIDC) based logout

The logout function did not work during the first execution for tenants that used the OIDC-based log-in. This issue is fixed now.

### PHP Tracer 2: HTTP headers

Previously, the PHP Tracing extension experienced occasional crashes during the processing of HTTP headers. This issue is fixed now.

### PHP Tracer 2: MySQLi query

Previously, PHP Tracer didn't capture calls to [`mysqli::query` or `mysqli_query`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/mysqli.query.php) with the second parameter `result_mode`. This issue is fixed now.

### Synthetic Monitoring

- Deleted tests were not removed from the List of Tests page in the Synthetic Monitoring UI. This issue is now fixed. 
- When you edited or paused a Synthetic test created before 12 June 2023, you might see an error message. This issue is now fixed.
- Previously, an error occurred when you tried to view the test results for the Browser tests. This issue is now fixed.
- The 'Browser' property in a Synthetic test was reset if a Browser Script test was edited. This issue is now fixed.
- Previously, a Synthetic test was not getting associated with an application during the test configuration update. The issue is now fixed.
- Previously, when you created a Synthetic test with the **Create Synthetic Test** wizard, the 'Location' selection list was hidden if a long script was entered in the script field. This issue is now fixed.
- Previously, when you created a Synthetic test with the **Create Synthetic Test** wizard, the uploading of a script test bundle caused an error in the UI. The error prevented creating the Synthetic test. This issue is now fixed. Currently, if you try to upload a bundle in wizard mode, an error message appears.
- Previously, the test result UI did not show any data on the timeline and logs when certain API scripts failed. This issue is now fixed if Synthetic PoP is upgraded to 1.1.3.
- Some security vulnerabilities are fixed in both the BrowserScript and JavaScript playback engines of Synthetic PoP 1.1.3.