## Build 262

2023-11-14

## Features

### AWS Lambda native tracing for .NET or .NET Core

Instana now supports native tracing for .NET or .NET Core-based AWS Lambda functions. For more information, see Setting up native tracing for .NET or .NET Core-based AWS Lambda functions.

### Disable invites with IdP enabled

If any of the IdPs (SAML, LDAP, or OIDC) are enabled, Instana changes the following settings on the Settings page in the Instana UI to disable invites:

- Hides the **Invite User** button.
- Hides **Pending Invitations** from the side bar.
- Displays an information banner at the beginning of the page that lists the users.
- Places an extra text in the confirmation dialog for deleting a user.
- If pending invitations exist, adds a warning dialog when an administrator tries to configure IdP.

### Go Sensor: Instrumentation support for Beego framework

Instrumentation support for the web server module and the HTTP client module of the Beego framework is released. For more information, see [Instabeego](https://github.com/instana/go-sensor/releases/tag/instrumentation%2Finstabeego%2Fv0.1.0).

### IBM i instances sensor

IBM i instances sensor now supports disabling components that you don't want to dispaly in the Instana UI. For more information, see Monitoring IBM i instances.

### IBM MQ sensor

Instana MQ HA solutions support monitoring of Native HA, single-instance and multi-instance queue managers on OpenShift Container Platform environments. For more information, see High availability (HA) scenarios.

### Instana documentation is available for offline use

You can download PDFs and HTML archives of Instana documentation for use outside IBM Docs online.  For more information, see Documentation outside IBM Docs.

### Monitoring IBM API Connect for provider organization metrics (Beta)

The IBM API Connect sensor now supports monitoring of IBM API Connect for provider organization metrics. For more information, see Monitoring IBM API Connect for provider organization metrics (Beta).

## Improvements

### Business monitoring: Sorting by health

You can now sort the list of business processes in the Business Monitoring page by the health column.

### Oracle SID and service name extraction

Previously, Instana extracted the Oracle SID and service name from full database connection URLs. Now, in addition to the full database connection URLs, Instana also extracts the SID and service name from short database connection URLs.

### Synthetic monitoring: Usage checks for test credentials

When you create or update a Synthetic test that uses credentials or secrets, two checks are performed. The user ID or API Token that is used to create or modify the test is validated for the permissions to use credentials. 
The Synthetic tests that involve running a script are validated when you create or update a test by using the API or UI. Now you can use header parameters to reference the credential or secret in an API Simple test. The header parameters are validated when you create or modify a test.
You must create the credentials or secrets to use in a test before you create the test or modify the test to use credentials. 

### Synthetic monitoring: Browser test details

Now, the duration to load every element in a website is shown in the Browser script test results. 

### Synthetic monitoring: Status filter for tests

You can filter active or inactive tests by using the `getTestSummaryList` API.

## Fixes

### Business monitoring: Query to fetch processes

When you clicked **Analyze Instances** on the dashboard for a business process in **Business Monitoring**, the instances of business processes were fetched based on the name. Now the instances are fetched based on the process ID.

### IBM MQ sensor

Previously, for high availability (HA) queue managers that are not replicated data queue managers (RDQM), the multi-instance queue manager switchover event had no label. This issue is fixed now.

### Synthetic monitoring: Test results with too many entries

The **Summary** tab for a Synthetic test in **Synthetic Monitoring** loaded slowly if the test results for the test had many entries. Now, this issue is fixed.

### WebSphere Application Server sensor

Previously, an error message, such as `Exception while sending data: null java.lang.NullPointerException`, was returned during the monitoring of the WebSphere Application Server. This issue is resolved now.
