## Build 263

2023-12-05

## Features

## Analyze Infrastructure

The Analyze Infrastructure feature is now available for general use. If you are not familiar with this feature, please see the [Analyze Infrastructure](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/analyze_infrastructure/index.md) documentation.

## Azure Data Factory

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Azure Data Factory. For more information, see [Monitoring Azure Data Factory](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/azure-datafactory/index.md).

## Business Monitoring

A Business Monitoring widget is added to the Instana homepage to help you quickly view your business processes and star them. For more information, see [Business monitoring](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/business_monitoring/index.md).

## Details of iOS app crashes (beta)

Details of iOS app crashes are available in the mobile app dashboards as a beta feature. For more information, see [Crash collection](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/mobile_app_monitoring/crash_collection.md) and [Analyzing iOS app crashes with dSYM files](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/mobile_app_monitoring/ios_symbol_file_upload.md).

## IBM MQ Managed File Transfer (MFT) sensor

A new parameter `transfer_expired_interval` is supported in the agent configuration file. For more information, see [Monitoring IBM MQ Managed File Transfer (technology preview)](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/ibmmqmft/index.md).

## IBM WebSphere Liberty sensor: Add JMS metrics

IBM WebSphere Liberty now supports JMS data monitoring. For more information, see [Liberty performance metrics](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/websphere-liberty/index.md#performance-metrics).

## Monitoring SAP by using SAP Solution Manager

Instana now monitors SAP by using the SAP Solution Manager 7.2. For more information, see [Monitoring SAP by using SAP Solution Manager](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/sap_monitoring/sap.md).

## Monitoring SAP with ABAP sensor (beta)

Instana now monitors SAP by using an ABAP sensor. For more information, see [Monitoring SAP with ABAP sensor (beta)](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/sap_monitoring/abap_sensor.md).

## Node.js Tracer

Node.js Tracer now supports the following service versions:
- Google Cloud Storage 7
- Fastify 4.24

## OpenTelemetry-based sensor SDK (beta)

The OpenTelemetry-based sensor SDK (Beta) now supports generic database metrics. For more information, see [OpenTelemetry-based sensor SDK (Beta)](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/sensor-sdk/index.md).

## Terraform integration

Instana now supports Terraform for configuring and managing Instana assets. For more information, see [Terraform Integrations](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/terraform-integrations/index.md).

## Improvements

## Elasticsearch Sensor: Added support for Elasticsearch 8.1.3

The Elasticsearch sensors now support monitoring metrics and configuration data for Elasticsearch 0.17.0 to 8.1.3.

## Grafana integration

Grafana integration now supports Instana mobile app metrics and Infrastructure Analytics.

## Host sensor memory metrics

More memory metrics is added for host sensor on AIX, and percentage values for `swap used` value is added on Linux and AIX.

## IBM ACE Tracing

The `CICS_SUPPORT` property is added to trace context propagation for the Customer Information Control System (CICS) request. If the `CICS_SUPPORT` property is set to `on` in IBM ACE Tracing, the trace correlation information is added to the CICS request. Default is `off`. For more information, see [Configuring Instana ACE Tracing](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/ace/index.md#configuring-instana-ace-tracing).

## Infrastructure linking

The reliability of infrastructure linking for HTTP calls that are implicitly using the default HTTP or HTTPS ports is improved.

## Kubernetes cluster identification by UUID

Due to a switch in the Kubernetes Cluster identifier, the Kubernetes dashboards are now split into 'before' and 'after' this release. The change in the identifier aims to help separate workloads from clusters with similar names.

## Logging: Improved error message for query timeout

The queries that time out within **Logs** and **Unbounded Analytics** now display a specific error message that indicates the query timeout, rather than a generic one.

## Logging: Commonly used tags in filters

The commonly used tags are now visible within the **Add filter** dropdown menu to enable faster log filtering in the **Logs** view in **Unbounded Analytics**.

## Oracle Tuxedo sensor

* The IPC queues are sorted in descending order based on message count.
* You can now create an event with Dynamic Focus Query (DFQ) for IPC queues.

## PHP Tracer 2

PHP Tracer is improved for better performance. For more information, see [PHP Tracer](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/php/index.md).

## Synthetic monitoring

* The Point of Presence (PoP) version is displayed in the **Locations** tab on the Synthetic monitoring page.
* The Redis server in the Synthetic PoP is upgraded from 6.2.6 to 7.0.12.
* A built-in event `pop_get_cred_failed` for failing to retrieve user credentials is added in the Synthetic PoP sensor.
* The scheduling logic is optimized to improve the performance of scheduling numerous Synthetic tests with user credentials.
* A third-party Node.js module `authenticator` is added in the BrowserScript playback engine of Synthetic PoP.
* The [synctl](https://github.com/instana/synthetic-synctl) tool now supports multiple options to update a Synthetic test or Smart Alert.

## Fixes

## IBM ACE Tracing

Previously, the ACE user exit couldn't be loaded correctly on AIX when it was installed to a nondefault directory. This issue is fixed now.

## Oracle Tuxedo sensor

* The Tuxedo machine had the `max_metrics_reached` issue, which is now fixed.
* When you create the custom dashboard, the duplicate metrics for both Tuxedo IPC Queue and Tuxedo Service were displayed and posing a challenge in distinguishing between the metrics. This issue is now fixed.

## Synthetic monitoring

* If you updated a Synthetic test by using the UI and API or 'synctl' tool at the same, the updates were lost. Now if you update a Synthetic test by using the API or 'synctl' and UI at the same time, an error message is displayed. The error message indicates that the test is being modified in another method. Save the changes before you switch the update method.
* Synthetic tests stopped running because an internal server error was not returned to the PoP for handling. This issue is fixed.
* On the Instana UI, some URLs were truncated while creating or editing a Synthetic test. This issue is now fixed.
* An error message was displayed if a Synthetic test created before 12 June 2023 was edited or paused. This issue is now fixed.
* Synthetic tests might fail due to error codes in retrieving user credentials from the Instana backend. This issue is now fixed.
* Previously, the timeout did not take effect if you configured a timeout value of more than 5 minutes for a Synthetic test. This issue is now fixed.

## Unbounded analytics

The issue that caused an error to appear when you filter and group by Podman tags is now fixed.