# Build 260

2023-10-17

##  Features

### Actions swimlane in the Summary dashboard 

The Actions swimlane is added in the Summary dashboard to view the history of actions. The swimlane is displayed in the tiles on the dashboard. The swimlane is applicable for actions that are run based on events for application perspectives, services, endpoints, or hosts.

### AWS SDK v3 Lambda instrumentation for Node.js tracer

Node.js tracer now supports instrumentation for Lambda in AWS SDK v3.

### Etcd sensor

Etcd sensor now supports etcd API 3.3.x and 3.4.x with `/v3` endpoints.

### Google Cloud Run ECMAScript modules support for Node.js tracer

The ECMAScript modules support is added for Google Cloud Run for Node.js tracer.

### Oracle RAC sensor

Instana now supports monitoring of Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC).

### Synthetic monitoring permissions appear in a new menu in Settings

The permissions for Synthetic monitoring are moved to the **Synthetic Monitoring** menu in **Settings** > **Team Setting** > **Groups**.

The access level for Synthetic monitoring is set to Access all with the Viewer role by default. 
**Note:** If you created groups with no permissions for Synthetic monitoring in Instana 259 or earlier versions, set the access level to No access in **Synthetic Monitoring** for the groups. 

### Viewing details for business activities

Business monitoring now supports viewing details on specific business activities within a business process.



## Improvements

### Allow users to unmask the password fields
The password fields in the following pages are unmasked to make sure that the passwords are entered correctly:

 - User sign-in
 - Reset password
 - Invited user - create account
 - Invited user - confirm password

### Audit log improvements
Audit logs now include the following information:

- Origin IP address (included in the JSON file). You can find the origin IP address information by clicking **Download as JSON** on the Action Log page in the Instana UI.
- Unsuccessful API connections (due to invalid origin, insufficient access to the required tenant, invalid CSRF token, or insufficient permissions or access rights). You can find the reason for unsuccessful API connections in the **Description** column of the Action Log page.

### Cassandra endpoints
The endpoint name extraction from Cassandra database statements is improved.

### IBM Db2 LUW sensor

- On the Db2 dashboard in the Instana UI, the column `Table Space State` is included in the **Table Space Utilities** tile with values of `0` indicating normal state and `1` indicating abnormal state. 
- On the Configure Custom Payload page, which can be seen by clicking **Settings** > **Custom Payload**, now you can use the Db2 name and Db2 version to filter through the custom payload option for event and alerts.

### Query Synthetic test results for up to 60 days with OpenAPIs

The Synthetic monitoring OpenAPIs now support retrieving data for up to 60 days. You can query Synthetic test results for the entire data retention period.

### OracleDB sensor

The OracleDB sensor now supports all character sets that are supported by Oracle for fetching metrics from the Oracle database.

### Synthetic PoP

- Captures the screenshot automatically if the Webpage Simple, Webpage Script, or BrowserScript test fails.
- Supports two new third-party modules `sip` and `prom-client` for the API Script test.
- Enriches the console log to show more information when the API Script test fails.

### The Change Password and Two Factor authentication options are moved
Both the **Change Password** and the **Two Factor authentication** have been moved to **User Settings**.  
You can now access Change Password and Two Factor authentication options from **Settings** > **User Settings**. 

## Fixes

### Filtering logs with container Id

Previously, you couldn't filter logs with container Id on the Unbounded Analytics page. This issue is now resolved.

### IBM ACE sensor

Previously, users encountered an error message such as "Failed to connect to ACE REST API null" when the local address was inaccessible. This issue is fixed now.


## UI changes

The Instana app icon is changed in the UI. 