# Build 261

2023-10-31

## Features

### Kong sensor

The Kong API Gateway sensor now supports both remote and local monitoring. For more information on how to monitor Kong API Gateway and its metrics, see Performance metrics for Kong API Gateway.

### Monitoring Oracle multitenant database (Beta)

Instana now supports monitoring of the Oracle multitenant databases (both CDB and PDBs). For more information, see Monitoring Oracle multitenant database (Beta).

### Website automatic instrumentation

Instana website automatic instrumentation is now available for Apache HTTP Server. For more information, see the Website automatic instrumentation page.


## Improvements

### AWS Lambda

Instana AWS Lambda layers are now available in both Chinese AWS regions, `cn-north-1` and `cn-northwest-1`.

### Oracle database monitoring: Support added for Oracle Database 21c

Instana now supports monitoring of the Oracle Database 21c. For more information, see Monitoring OracleDB.

### QR code size improvement on low-resolution screens

QR code is now shown with appropriate size on low-resolution screens on the "Two-factor authentication" page.

### Synthetic monitoring: UI enhancements for browser test (Beta)

In the Instana UI, the details page for a Synthetic browser test has the following enhancements:
- On the **Results** tab of the browser test details page, a **View Screenshot(s)** button is added. After you click this button, you can directly view the screenshots that are captured during the test run. Previously, you needed to download a `.zip` file to view the screenshots.
- The usability of the breakdown is improved. The breakdown of the calls in the **Timeline** section is incorporated into each entry.

### Automatic selection of formatter for infrastructure and platform metrics in custom dashboards

The formatter for infrastructure and platform metrics in the Big Number, Top List, and Time Series widgets in the custom dashboards was set to number by default. Now, the formatter is automatically set based on the metric.

### Kubernetes dashboards: Filter logs by level

In the Logs section of Kubernetes dashboards, you can filter logs by clicking Error, Warn, or Info.



## Fixes

### Display of log stack traces

In the Calls and Traces views of the Analytics dashboard, the display of log stack traces is fixed.

### IBM MQ Tracing

The security issue CVE-2023-38545 is fixed now.

### Synthetic monitoring

- Updating a Synthetic test in the UI maintains the values of properties that are set through the API or the synctl tool and are not displayed in the UI. Previously, the properties that were not displayed in the UI were reset to the default value during the update of a Synthetic test.
- You can correctly retrieve Synthetic test results by using the API and filter results by using `synthetic.errors`. Previously, an internal error message was returned.
- When you click the **Configuration** tab for a Synthetic test that was deleted, the message "Configuration details are not available for this test" is shown. Previously, an error message was shown.
