# Build 268

2024-03-05

## Breaking changes

### Enabling Two-Factor Authentication to create, update, or delete Synthetic tests

To provide enhanced security, starting from Instana 269,  [Two-Factor Authentication](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/SSE1JP5_current/src/pages/admin/user-settings.html#two-factor-authentication-2fa)  is required to create, update, or delete Synthetic tests in the Instana UI. The prior intimation is provided to allow our customers that use Synthetic monitoring to prepare for the upcoming change.

## Features

### Table widget for Infrastructure and Platforms (beta)

You can create Table widgets in custom dashboards for Infrastructure and Platforms.

## Improvements

### Agent catalog

The Agent catalog is redesigned to increase the clarity on the available means to deploy the Instana agent. It is also aimed to ensure comprehensive and clear instructions, and the facilitation of easier deployments.

### Analyze infrastructure

When you share the URL of the Analytics entity types page with other users, the search term is retained.

### Expose HTTP address on Elasticsearch node dashboard

The Elasticsearch node dashboard now displays the node's HTTP address.

### Improved access to call details

The Web REST API in Application Analyze now supports the downloading of call details through a new endpoint. The Download call details link in the Instana UI now generates URLs, which you can share with other users.

### Synthetic monitoring performance

The responsiveness of the Synthetic test on the Results tab in the Instana UI and the corresponding API is improved.

## Fixes

### Synthetic monitoring

* Previously, the Default group did not have view permissions for Synthetic tests. This issue is now fixed.
* Redis in Synthetic PoP is upgraded to 7.2.4 to fix CVE issues in Synthetic PoP 1.1.5 and later.
* The request module in the JavaScript playback engine is now deprecated and replaced by the @cypress/request module in Synthetic PoP 1.1.5 and later. The @cypress/request module supports the $http API.
