# Build 269

2024-03-19

## Breaking changes

### Enabling Two-Factor Authentication to create, update, or delete Synthetic tests

To provide enhanced security, starting from Instana 269, Two-Factor Authentication is required to create, update, or delete Synthetic tests on the Instana UI.

## Features

### Automation policies

An automation policy associates a trigger to an action in your action catalog. A trigger can be either an Instana event definition or a Smart Alert. When an event is raised that matches the conditions specified in the trigger, the policy appears in the **Associated Policies** section of the **Incident** or **Issue** details page. From the **Associated Policies** section, you can run the action that is configured in the policy. Automation policies are a replacement for action associations and all current action associations are converted to automation policies. To work with your automation policies, select **Automation** from the sidebar then select **Policies**.

### Db2 LUW sensor

#### Db2 pureScale metrics

The Db2 dashboard now shows Purescale Lock Memory Table and Purescale SCA Memory Table. The tables include metrics such as current and target memory sizes of different member nodes.

### Running Turbonomic actions (beta)

The Instana Incident details page now provides a mechanism for initiating the execution of recommended actions from IBM Turbonomic.

### Service Level Objectives (SLO) dashboard (beta)

Instana has a new Service Level Objectives (SLO) dashboard where you can view all of your SLOs with high-level status and drill down into details. This experience provides detailed charts that highlight indicator status, error budget consumption, and visualization of SLOs across various time windows. It is available from the Service Levels top-level menu.

### TIBCO ActiveSpaces monitoring

Instana now supports monitoring Tibco ActiveSpaces (AS). You can now monitor Tibco AS nodes and explore the dashboard in the Instana UI.

### Azure Key Vault

Instana now supports monitoring Azure Key Vault.

### Azure Key Vault Managed HSM

Instana now supports monitoring Azure Key Vault Managed HSM.

### Infrastructure tag catalog API

A new infrastructure endpoint is available that enables retrieval of the tag catalog.

### SAP ABAP monitoring
 - Local monitoring feature is enabled for the ABAP sensor.
 - Inbound and outbound IDocs, Gateway frontend logs, and Fiori metrics monitoring are added.
 - Built-in events are added to detect lock contentions, generated dumps, and inbound and outbound IDoc errors.

### Prometheus metrics for pods on the Kubernetes dashboard

On the Kubernetes dashboard in the Instana UI, the **Prometheus Metrics** tab is added for pods that contain Prometheus metrics.

### Instana-hosted Synthetic PoPs

Instead of deploying and managing a private Synthetic PoP, Instana can now host and manage Synthetic PoPs to run your synthetic tests.

### Time data in call details

The call details panel on the Trace Detail page now includes information such as latency, self-time, waiting time, network time, and call start time.

## Improvements

### Website monitoring

The backend trace correlation of XMLHttpRequests is enhanced for browser delays.

### SAP HANA sensor

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors SAP HANA Connections, Garbage Collection Statistics, and Expensive Statements.

## Fixes

### Grouped calls view

Previously, in Analytics, changing the sorting of nested calls in a group caused the group to collapse. This issue is now fixed.

### MongoDB sensor

The Replication lag metric was missing from MongoDB 5.0 and later. The issue is fixed now.

### Service mapping

Previously, incorrect source service was displayed in the Instana UI when the parent call included a shared exit span. Now, the source service is mapped correctly.

### Synthetic monitoring

The Synthetic **Tests** page fails to load when there are more than 4000 synthetic tests due to a timeout in the backend. This issue is now fixed.

## Rewards

Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, visit [Submit review](https://gtnr.io/wg5XjSijw).
