## Build 265

2024-01-23

## Features

### ActiveMQ

Instana now supports monitoring of ActiveMQ 5.18.0.

### Go Tracer

A new instrumentation support is introduced for Couchbase SDK (gocb).

Also, Go Tracer now supports the following versions of packages in the existing instrumentations:
- Echo 4.11.4
- Mux 1.8.1
- Fiber 2.52.0
- Beego 2.1.4
- Grpc 1.60.1
- Mongo-driver 1.13.1
- Pgx 4.18.1
- Go-redis 9.4.0
- Redigo 1.8.9
- Gorm 1.25.5
- Cloud.google.com/go/pubsub 1.33.0
- Sarama 1.41.3
- Amqp 1.1.0
- Amqp091-go 1.9.0
- Cloud.google.com/go/storage 1.36.0
- Aws-sdk-go 1.49.17
- Aws-lambda-go 1.44.0
- Logrus 1.9.3
- Aws-sdk-go-v2 1.24.1

## Improvements

### Apache HTTPd Sensor

- Apache HTTPd Sensor now supports Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x and IBM HTTP Server 9.x on Windows 2019 Standard Edition x86-64.
- Apache HTTPd Sensor now supports Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x and IBM HTTP Server 9.x on Windows 2022 Standard Edition x86-64.

### Apache HTTPd Tracing

- Apache HTTPd Tracing now supports Oracle HTTP Server 12.2.1.3.0 or later on AIX 7.2.
- Apache HTTPd Tracing now supports Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x and IBM HTTP Server 9.x on Windows 2019 Standard Edition x86-64.
- Apache HTTPd Tracing now supports Apache HTTP Server 2.4.x and IBM HTTP Server 9.x on Windows 2022 Standard Edition x86-64.

### Custom dashboards copy and paste

Copy and paste functions are added to the custom dashboards.
You can copy individual widgets by using the overflow menu of each widget. To copy all widgets within a dashboard, use the overflow menu of the dashboard.

To paste your widgets, go to the target custom dashboard, and use the paste shortcut `CTRL-V` for Windows or `CMD-V` for Mac OS.

### Download a time chart as a CSV file

Time charts can now be downloaded as CSV files in the format `series, timestamp, value` by right-clicking on them, as seen in the following screenshot.
**Note**: To export only a specific time frame, select a time frame within the time chart before you export.

### Elasticsearch sensor: Add support for Elasticsearch 8.6.2

The Elasticsearch sensor now supports monitoring metrics and configuration data for Elasticsearch 0.17.0 to 8.6.2.

### Infrastructure correlation

Linking calls with the infrastructure entities is improved.

### RabbitMQ sensor: Add consumer count per queue

The RabbitMQ sensor can now display the consumer count per queue.

### Support for trace attributes specified in OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions 1.23

Trace span attributes specified in OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions 1.23.1 are now supported on Instana. When trace spans from OpenTelemetry instrumentation are processed, the span attributes that conform to the naming defined by OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions 1.23.1 are recognized. Various attributes were renamed in the OpenTelelemetry specifications over the past releases; for example, `http.method` is now called `http.request.method`. Old span attribute names are also supported.

### StatsD metrics

The display of the StatsD metrics in the dashboard is improved.
The metric types such as counter and gauge are now outlined in the **Type** column.
The counter type metrics are now shown as bar charts. Each bucket is the sum of counters in the time frame of each bucket.
Other metric types are displayed with mean aggregation.

### Synthetic monitoring: UI and API performance

The responsiveness of some Synthetic monitoring pages in the Instana UI and the corresponding APIs is improved.

- The **Tests** tab loads up to 50% faster.

- The page with the details of a test result loads faster. The page load time varies depending on the number of tests and the frequency of the tests.

## Fixes

### Log message display issue in the call details page

Previously, log messages that included some special characters were not displayed in the call details page on the Analytics dashboard of an application. This issue is fixed now.

### Synthetic monitoring

If a Browser test was edited, the test type in the title was changed. Now, this issue is fixed.
