# Build 273

2024-05-14

## Features

### Azure PostgreSQL flexible server
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Azure PostgreSQL flexible server. 

### Filter empty rows in the Infrastructure table widget
The dataset selector in the Infrastructure table widget has a new checkbox for filtering the empty rows from the table widget. When you select the Filter empty values checkbox, the widget displays only the rows that have a value for the metric.

### SAP ABAP sensor
Instana now automatically generates built-in events for the ABAP system that is being monitored if any of the following instances occur:
- The CPU is idle with the usage less than 10%.
- The memory usage is greater than 80%.
- The work process is stopped, shutdown, or in PRIV mode (private).
- The file system usage is greater than 80%.

### TIBCO BusinessWorks 6.10 support
Instana now supports TIBCO BusinessWorks 6.10.

## Improvements

### Automation framework integration with secret managers
You can now retrieve the **Vault** action parameters from all secret managers that the host agent supports.

### SAP HANA Sensor
Instana now supports the monitoring of the Lock Wait Statistics metrics in SAP HANA sensor.

### Synthetic monitoring
If the access level was Limited access and the user belonged to only one group, the user who created a Synthetic test could not view or modify the Synthetic test until the Instana administrator added the tests to the Limited access list. Now if the access level is Limited access and the user belongs to only one group, all the tests created by the user are automatically added to the Limited access list. The user who created the test can view or edit the test.

## Fixes
The following issues are fixed.

### WebSphere Application Server certificate expiration metric
Previously, the certificates.*.expDaysLeft metric showed negative values for the days past the expiration date. Now, on reaching the expiration date the metric value shows zero, and this issue is now fixed. As a result, the metric is now properly rendered in charts and can be used to trigger alerts in Infrastructure Smart Alerts.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email).
