# Build 275

2024-06-11

## Features

### AWS Auto Scaling
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors AWS Auto Scaling groups.

### Beta

### Smart Alerts for Infrastructure
The Smart Alerts feature for Infrastructure is now available as a beta feature in Infrastructure monitoring. You can now configure Smart Alerts for your infrastructure metrics, and get alerts on any specific threshold violations that happen in your infrastructure.

### Enable Subresource Integrity (SRI)
The Enable Subresource Integrity (SRI) feature for JavaScript agent is now available as a beta feature under website monitoring. You can now change configurations under the website configuration tab to enable or disable Subresource Integrity.

### Monitoring IBM InfoSphere CDC
A new sensor that monitors IBM InfoSphere CDC is now available. It collects metrics from the Access server. 

### Monitoring GPU (technology preview)
Instana provides the observability for your GPU.

### Monitoring LLMs
Instana provides observability for your LLM applications.

### SAP ABAP sensor
The SAP ABAP sensor is now generally available. The following features are included:

Enhanced event handling for login errors, which includes user account lock or login failures.
Added events signaling for user authorization issues that are related to the execution of SAP function modules.
Added tables, such as Transactional Remote Function Call (tRFC) Outbound, and Queued Remote Function Call (qRFC) Inbound and Outbound, on the Transactional Statistics tab.
Updated the system log statistics table to include detailed information related to severity 1 and 2.

### Share and Invite
The Short Link icon in the Instana UI is now replaced with the Share icon. You can add a custom message to direct invitees to the specific area where collaboration is needed by using the Share icon. You can use the Share icon while setting up the product, analyzing the application performance, or investigating incidents with colleagues.

### Kafka header migration: Announcement
The last phase (Phase 2) of the Kafka header migration officially starts! Starting this month, .NET Tracer transitions to support only string Kafka headers.

## Improvements

### Azure MySQL flexible server
Since Azure retires Azure MariaDB and replaces it with Azure MySQL flexible server, the Azure MySQL flexible server sensor now includes the following metrics:

- total_connections
- Queries
- Slow_queries
- Com_create_db
- Com_create_table
- Com_drop_db
- Com_drop_table
- Com_delete
- Com_select
- Com_update
- Com_insert
- Com_alter_table

### SAP HANA sensor
- Instana now collects the following SAP HANA metrics: CPU Time, Memory Usage, Service Details, Network I/O, Table Size, Aggregated Cache, and Backup        Progress. Host Name and Active Status are also displayed.
- The following metrics are renamed: Connected Users and Applications (formerly Currently Connected Users and Applications) and Total CPU Utilization  (formerly SAP HANA System CPU Usage).
- Resident memory details are now available in Host Memory Usage (formerly available in SAP HANA System Memory Usage).

### Synthetic monitoring
The akamai-edgegrid third-party module is added to the JavaScript playback engine in Synthetic PoP 1.2.1 and later. You can import this module with the API script.

### Updated sections for alerting permissions in Group access configuration
In the group access configuration, Smart Alert permissions are displayed under the category of the related Instana section. 

## Fixes

### ActiveMQ
The Storage Usage in the KPI section is now renamed to Store Usage.

### Logging
The dashboard is displayed correctly when grouping by tags that are of type key-value pairs.

### Managed system energy Temperature payload to metric
The temperature payloads of the managed system energy are now converted to metrics. Therefore, you can now set alerts for Inlet, CPU, and Baseboard temperature metrics.

### Unbounded Analytics
A call.type filter is now included on the Analytics page when you go from the Upstream/Downstream service list on the Application page. This filter prevents inconsistencies between the Upstream/Downstream services list and the services that are listed in the Analytics page.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email).
