# Build 277

2024-07-09

## Features
### Amazon Timestream
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Amazon Timestream databases. For more information, see [Monitoring Amazon Timestream](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/aws-timestream/index.md).

### Manually closing issues and incidents
You can now manually close issues and incidents. To manually close issues and incidents, go to the event page where you can select the issue or incident that you would like to close.

For more information, see [Manually closing issues and incidents](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/events_alerts/manual-close.md).

### Numeric tags for grouping
In the Instana UI, you can now use numeric tags like CPU count to group entities in Analyze Infrastructure and on custom dashboards.

### Probable Root Cause (public preview)
Probable Root Cause is now available in public preview. The Incidents page in Instana for Smart Alert on the following entity types is now enhanced with the **Probable Root Cause** section, when a Probable Root Cause is identified for an incident:
- Application perspectives
- Services
- Endpoints
- Service Level Objectives on application perspectives

The **Probable Root Cause** section includes an identified Probable Root Cause entity that can be any entity that is monitored by Instana, from a process to an endpoint to a service. The section also includes the following information:
- Statistics about trace data around the entity that provides some reason for selecting a certain Probable Root Cause
- Events, such as Change events, Issues, or Incidents that occurred on the identified Probable Root Cause entity and a probability level for the result

To see Probable Root Causes that are identified on Smart Alerts on applications, services, or endpoints, go to the Incidents page of a Smart Alert.

For more information, see [Root Cause Analysis](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/root_cause_analysis/index.md).

### SAP HANA sensor
Instana now supports both local and remote monitoring of the SAP HANA database.

For more information, see [Monitoring SAP HANA](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/sap-hana/index.md).

### Share and invite

The **Short Link** icon in the Instana UI is now replaced with the **Share** button. Use **Share** to add a custom message and direct invitees to a specific area where collaboration is needed. You can use it while you set up the product, analyze the application performance, or investigate incidents with colleagues. For more information, see [Working with the user interface](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/admin/ui.md).


### Technology preview
#### Synthetic monitoring
The Multi-tenant Synthetic PoP is now available in private preview. For more information, see [Deploying a Multi-tenant Synthetic PoP (private preview)](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/synthetic_monitoring/pop_multi_tenant.md).

## Improvements
### API tokens and personal API tokens
Both the **API Tokens** and **Personal API Tokens** sections are now enhanced with more details. The **Created**, **Created by**, and **Last used** fields are now available for API Tokens. The **Created** and **Last used** fields are available for Personal API Tokens. You can now sort tokens by these fields. These fields are automatically populated on creating new tokens. The existing tokens show the **Created by** and **Created** fields as `Unknown`, while only the **Last used** field gets updated based on the usage.

### IBM i sensor: Wildcard support for Active Jobs and Inactive Jobs
Instana now adds the following wildcard support for monitoring IBM i instances:

- Active Jobs wildcard support for metrics: Use `*` as a wildcard    character in any part of `JOB_NAME` within the `user_specification:activeJobs:jobs` section of the Instana agent configuration file.
- Inactive Jobs wildcard support for custom events: Use `*` as a wild card character in any part of `JOB_NAME` to identify and trigger events based on inactive job states within the `user_specification:activeJobs:event:inactiveJobs` section of the Instana agent configuration file. For more information, see [Monitoring IBM i instances](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/ibmios/index.md).

### Running components
Running components did not render enclosing components, such as an IBM MQ Queue Manager. They displayed only the underlying components of the Queue Manager, such as Queues, Topics, and Channels. Now, the system displays enclosing components, along with the components they enclose, if they contain more than one element. For example, the system does not display Docker containers with only one process. However, it now displays Docker containers with more than one process as running components.

### SAP ABAP sensor
The following improvements are made to the SAP ABAP sensor dashboard:
- Introduced a line chart to visualize user login successes and failures.
- Added Work Process column in System instance Summary page **(Platforms > SAP > System > System Summary)**.
- Added Task Type filtering options in the following tables: User Statistics, Memory Statistics, Database Connections, and Jobs Information.
- Enabled modification of poll rate for fetching metrics from the SWNC_GET_WORKLOAD_SNAPSHOT function module based on client requirements in the `configuration.yaml` file.
- Enhanced logger functionality to highlight exceptions that are caused by missing the JAR files or native libraries, and removed the exception list that are sourced from templates.


### Synthetic monitoring
The following improvements are available:

- In the **Summary** tab for a Synthetic test, the *Results* tile includes several filters and a link to the **Results** tab. When you filter test results in the *Results* widget, the test results in the **Results** tab are sorted based on the filter that you selected.
- For the RBAC Improvements private preview, the group definition allows you to view which tests the group's users will have access to based on inheriting access from the Applications permissions in the same group definition.
- You can set the trace level for the Redis pod in the Synthetic PoP. For example, to set the DEBUG trace level for the Redis pod, pass `--set redis.traceLevel=“DEBUG”` when you install the PoP.
- The console logs for webpage script now logs each `SeleniumIDE` command for better troubleshooting.
- The [pdcollect](https://github.com/instana/synthetic-pop-charts/blob/main/pdcollect.sh) tool is enhanced to collect the pod list information of Synthetic PoP.

### Trace detail view
Improved the readability of metrics by formatting the **Service Endpoint List**.

### Monitoring Clickhouse
Instana now supports Clickhouse 24.6 and earlier versions.

## Fixes
### IBM ACE Tracing
Previously, when the MQRFH2 header is created for an IBM MQ message, the `Format` attribute might be empty. This issue is now fixed.

### Synthetic Monitoring
- Synthetic tests that use a script could not be created if the script contained comments that include missing credentials or credentials that are not valid. This issue is now fixed.
- When an API script failed due to an unknown error, no error message was displayed on the result details page. This issue is now fixed.
- The error message `module 'signal' has no attribute 'SIGTSTP'` was displayed when the [synctl](https://github.com/instana/synthetic-synctl) CLI was run on a Windows server. This issue is now fixed.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email).