# Build 274

2024-05-28

## Features

### SSL certificate tests
Synthetic monitoring supports a sample API script to test webserver certificates. A new test type, SSLCertificate, is added to create SSL certificate tests. 

## Improvements

### IBM PowerHMC sensor: vNIC adapter details
You can view the IBM PowerHMC vNIC adapter details of each managed system in Platforms > IBM PowerHMC > Systems > Network in the Instana UI. 

### SAP ABAP sensor
- Enhanced the following statistics tables to display the username and client information: User, Work Process, and Database.
- Implemented new metrics in the User Statistics for Background, Update, Spool, and Enqueue steps.
- Introduced three additional metrics to monitor work processes effectively: Stopped, Shutdown, and Reserved.
- Enabled the filtering of work processes based on the status categories, such as Dialog Process, Update, Background, Enqueue Process, BTC (Batch job), Spool, and Update2.
- Optimised the code by reducing calls to the SWNC_GET_WORKLOAD_SNAPSHOT remote function module, to improve the performance of fetching metrics.
- Adjusted the frequency of TH_SERVER_LIST remote function module to run at 90-second intervals instead of every 10 seconds.
- Added the following metrics to monitor the CPU utilisation per user: Response Time, Queue Time, and RollWait Time.

### Synthetic monitoring
Filtering on GET /api/synthetics/settings/locations and GET /api/synthetics/settings/tests is expanded. 

### RBAC support for Automation framework
You can select Permission scope and Access type for Automation product area when you create a new user group. 

## Fixes

### Business monitoring
The business processes table on the Events page is now fixed to show only the relevant business processes.

### Fixed order in the API query window
The default order in the API query window, which was incorrect and did not support grouped results, is now fixed. Additionally, the order now updates correctly when modified in the table.

### Synthetic monitoring
The number of Synthetic tests displayed in the Access Configuration panel for Groups included the tests that were deleted. This issue is fixed, the number of deleted tests is excluded from the count.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email).
