# Build 271

2024-04-16

## Features

### Android and iOS agent automatically detect views (beta)

Instana Android and iOS agents now support a feature to automatically collect view information. Previously, you had to set view name through API of mobile app agent.

### Azure Databricks

Instana now supports monitoring Unity Catalog of Azure Databricks.

### Business monitoring

The business process and activity details pages now display the following:
- The current number of instances the process or activity started.
- The total number of errors (IT issues) affecting services the process or activity relies on.
- A count chart of errors affecting process or activity related services over time.
- A distribution chart showing latency of calls within the process or activity over time, with selectable aggregations.

The business activity details page now displays a top services chart within an activity, according to the following selectable metrics: mean latency, call count, or erroneous call rate.

The business process top activities chart also allows selecting between mean latency, call count, or erroneous call rate.

### Db2 LUW sensor

#### Db2 pureScale metrics

The Db2 dashboard now shows pureScale Page Access Table, pureScale Package Cache Table, and pureScale Group Buffer Pool Table.

### SAP ABAP monitoring

- Instana now automatically discovers and monitors SAP ABAP File System and Buffer Statistics metrics.
- Built-in events are added to detect Aborted and Cancelled Background jobs.

### Synthetic monitoring browser tests

Browser test types in Synthetic monitoring are generally available (GA) now.


## Improvements

### Deactivate Instana-hosted PoPs

To stop using an Instana-hosted PoP, you can deactivate the PoP. To deactivate the PoP, click **Deactivate** action on the Synthetic Monitoring page.

### Finer infrastructure tag suggestions

Infrastructure tag suggestions are tailored based on the current filter.
For example, when you are filtering on a Kubernetes Cluster, adding a Kubernetes Namespace tag to the filter list prompts suggestions for namespaces from the selected cluster.

### Improved error handling for infrastructure analytics pipeline

The API endpoint `/api/infrastructure-monitoring/analyze/metrics` now issues a `503 SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE` response with a meaningful error message when the analytics pipeline is not configured correctly.

### SAP HANA sensor

- Instana now supports monitoring of SAP HANA SQL Plan Cache Statistics.
- Queuing connection support is added to Connections information.
- Consolidated the underlying charts of garbage collection statistics.

### Synthetic monitoring

To support MFA (Multifactor Authentication) in Synthetic browser testing, a new API `$browser.generateTOTPToken` is added to generate a Time-based One-time Password (TOTP) token from a TOTP key in Synthetic PoP 1.1.8.

### Tuxedo sensor

Improved the loading time of metrics of the Tuxedo sensor in the **Queues** table. In addition, the drop-down option in each row that contains two charts is now removed. You can click an item in the **Queue Id** column to view the charts.


## Fixes

### Call details layout

In certain call details views, the position of the header in the stack trace section was off. The position is now correctly set.

### Synthetic monitoring

If a time in the future was entered by using Open API, Synthetic test data was returned. This issue is fixed. Now if a time in the future is entered, an error message is displayed.

### Unidentified infrastructure entity types

Entity types, such as Redis Enterprise database, Redis Enterprise shard, and Kafka task, lacked proper identification and dashboard. This issue is now fixed.

### WebSphere Application Server sensor

Previously, the WebSphere Application Server in the Windows platform was not monitored by the Instana host agent because the server name contained an empty space. This issue is now fixed.

## Rewards

Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, visit [Submit review](https://gtnr.io/wg5XjSijw).
