# Build 276

2024-06-25

## Features
### Azure Load Balancer
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors your Azure Load Balancer.

### Beta
#### Custom email subject prefix
You can now add a custom subject prefix to every email alert notification that is sent out.

#### Smart Alerts for Service Level Objectives

The Service Levels (beta) dashboard now has a **Smart Alerts** tab. You can create a Smart Alert to receive notification when a Service Level Indicator (SLI) approaches or breaches a Service Level Objective (SLO). For example, you can configure to receive an alert when an error budget or SLO reaches a percentage threshold, or for a specified length of time. On receiving the notification, you can resolve the issues that can cause the target to be missed.

#### Third-party metrics and events sensors (technology preview)

The following sensors are now available to the Instana agent in technology preview:

* Appdynamics
* Datadog
* Dynatrace
* Microsoft SCOM
* Nagios
* New Relic
* Solarwinds SAM
* Splunk Observability
* Zabbix

With these sensors, you can import host metric and event data from your third-party monitoring tools into Instana. The additional metric and event data can help you eliminate "blind spots" when you use several tools to monitor your infrastructure.

#### Website monitoring auto page detection
The Website monitoring auto detect page transition feature (beta) is released in EUM JavaScript agent 1.7.1. With the initial setup of the autoPageDetection API, the agent can automatically detect URL changes and send them as page transition beacons to the Instana backend.

### InformixDB sensor
The InformixDB sensor (build using OTEL SDK) is generally available in Build 276.

### Intelligent Remediation
Intelligent Remediation is now generally available. Instana’s Automation Framework and Action Catalog is enhanced to include Intelligent Remediation: actions that are generated by using watsonx.ai, checked by the Instana team, ready to help diagnose and resolve incidents. Prescriptions of step-by-step instructions are supplemented with script actions and Ansible actions to further diagnose resources and provide remediations.

Actions cover key technology areas such as Containers, Elasticsearch, Host, JVM, Kafka, and Kubernetes.

Users associate these actions with issue and incident types, just like their own manually crafted actions. Over time a shared corpus of knowledge evolves to assist all users of your Instana instance.

### Technology preview
#### Synthetic monitoring RBAC improvements
Role Based Access Control (RBAC) for Synthetic Monitoring includes the following enhancements:
* Inheritance from Application Perspectives (APs) if _Limited access_ is set in the group Access configuration
* Ability to associate Synthetic tests and Synthetic credentials with APs

### Adding a threshold to Big Number widget
You can add a threshold to the Big number widget in a custom dashboard to highlight values that exceed or fall below certain levels.

## Improvements
### Automation policies
Automation policies now support Service Level (beta) Smart Alerts as an event trigger.

### IBM MQ Tracing
With IBM MQ Tracing user exit, you can now specify a customized prefix for the log files.

### SAP ABAP sensor
The following improvements are made to the SAP ABAP sensor dashboard:

- The Usage metric that shows the utilization percentage is added to the Disk Data table and the Status metric is added to the ICM Service table.
- The Top Process List can be now filtered based on the users: root and adm.
- The User Information table can be filtered based on the logon types: GUI, RFC internal, and RFC external.
- The tRFC and qRFC tables are now implemented as metrics. You need to update the Instana agent to get this enhancement.

### TIBCO ActiveSpaces monitoring
Tibco ActiveSpaces monitoring is now generally available. Grid-level metrics are added to the dashboard of the TIBCO ActiveSpaces data grid.
### Synthetic monitoring
In the Synthetic monitoring test result details, the _Failures_ tile includes the **ErrorType**. In the same tile, **Stack trace** appears only for the test types with a stack trace.

### vSphere
Instana now supports monitoring vSphere 8.0.

## Fixes
### IBM ACE sensor
Previously, the Instana UI didn't list the integration server on container-based environment without metrics. This issue is now fixed.

### IBM MQ Tracing
Previously, when IBM MQ and ACE were installed on the same server but started with different users, the ACE process couldn't write user exit logs to the log file created by the MQ process. This issue is now fixed.

### OpenTelemetry
Previously, the Instana UI did not display the specific technologies that were used for the OpenTelemetry database and messaging calls. This issue is now fixed.

### Wildfly
Previously, Java Tracing was not able to capture the HTTP 401 and 403 errors for JBoss or Wildfly. This issue is now fixed.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email).
