# Build 272

2024-04-30

## Features

### AWS IoT Core

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors AWS IoT Core.

### Beta: Native histogram metric support

Native histogram metric support (beta) is now open to all SaaS customers

### Kong API Gateway

The Kong API Gateway sensor now supports the hybrid mode architecture of Kong.

### Microsoft Purview

Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Microsoft Purview.

### Mobile App Smart Alerts

You can now set up an alert for crashes in your monitored mobile app.
### Profile page

The Profile page is added to Instana. Now you can view the email ID associated with your Instana user account and add your name to the profile.

### Optionally show groups with missing tags in the Table widget for Infrastructure & Platforms

The Table widget for the Infrastructure & Platforms data source now provides an optional configuration toggle for showing groups that are missing tags.

### Oracle WebLogic 14 support

Instana now supports Oracle WebLogic 14cR1.

### Synthetic monitoring

The `synctl` tool now provides a CLI command to estimate the size of the hardware configuration of the self-hosted Synthetic PoP.

### Business monitoring

* The activities list page now contains duration and latency metrics for each activity
* The activity summary dashboard now has an additional tab listing the services that support the activity.

## Improvements

### Automation framework

You can view the output of an action that is run as part of action details in **Action History**. 

### ClickHouse dashboard

Formatted the **Running Merges** table to improve the readability of specific metrics.

### Elasticsearch shard level metrics

The index table on the Elasticsearch node dashboard now displays the details of indexes with shards on the node, aggregating data from those shards. To ensure the correctness of the index metrics that are displayed on the cluster dashboard, upgrade to Elasticsearch sensor 1.1.73.

### Synthetic monitoring

* When you are working with Synthetic locations, you can either delete or reactivate a **Managed** location that was previously deactivated.
* During activation of a **Managed** location at a data center, a failed activation request is automatically tried again one time.

### TIBCO ActiveSpaces monitoring

More metrics are now added to the dashboard of the TIBCO ActiveSpaces node.

## Fixes

The following issues are fixed.

### IBM OpenStack sensor

Previously, the project name, CPU, memory, and storage resources details were displayed wrongly in the IBM OpenStack sensor dashboard. This issue is now fixed, and the details are now displayed correctly.