# Build 279

2024-08-01

## Improvements
### Perspectives in Business Monitoring
You cannot proceed to step 2 of creating a new perspective unless you provide a valid tag filter query in step 1.

### Delete Action History
Instana now supports monitoring Tibco ActiveSpaces proxies. For more information, see [Monitoring TIBCO ActiveSpaces](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/tibco-as/index.md)

### Workflows for Office 365 or Microsoft Teams alert channel
The Office 365 or Microsoft Teams alert channel now supports Workflows. The alert channel URL must be updated to workflow URL. For more information, see [Office 365 / Microsoft Teams alert channel](https://github.ibm.com/instana/docs/blob/main/src/pages/ecosystem/office365/index.md).

## Fixes
### Duplicated calls in long-term storage
When you examine a trace in detail, calls of that trace might get copied to long-term storage and are retained for more than the seven-day full retention period. This copying process creates several duplicate calls of the actual call. These duplicate calls might cause incorrect figures in the Sub calls KPI and the Service Endpoint List section of trace details, and distort the results for other analysis of traces and calls when you use selective filters and view data older than the seven-day full retention period.

The issue is now fixed. However, you might still encounter this issue in rare edge cases. In addition, KPI indicators and Service Endpoint List of the trace details view are now enhanced to deduplicate calls. Therefore, KPI indicators and Service Endpoint List display correct results for data that is duplicated.

### Metric catalog layout
The layout of the catalogs within the following categories was broken:

- Application
- Websites
- Mobile

Now, the outer pane width matches the size of the metrics.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email).
