# Build 270

2024-04-02

## Features

### Automation framework general availability

Automation framework is now generally available. You can reduce diagnosis times, quickly remediate events, and improve your time to remediation with the automation framework.

You can create actions, curate them in the Action Catalog, and run them from Instana by using specialized automation sensors on an agent. An action might be a script, an HTTP call, an Ansible playbook, or a call to GitHub, GitLab, or Jira. Alternatively, an action might be a set of steps that you document.

You can use automation policies to associate an action with an event, or configure it to run automatically when the event occurs. AI-based recommendations help you choose the best action. Action history provides detailed information and traceability on the invocation of every action.

### AWS RDS

Instana now supports the metric EBSIOBalance% for monitoring AWS RDS.

### Azure Databricks

Instana now supports monitoring Azure Databricks.

### Azure Machine Learning

Instana now supports monitoring Azure Machine Learning.

### Contributor role for Applications

Instana now supports Contributor role for user access on Applications.

### Kafka sensor

Kafka sensor now supports JMX authentication with username and password to collect metrics.

### Log file paths

Logs collected from log files now also show the path to the log file.

### RBAC support for Business monitoring

Instana now supports controlling access to Business monitoring through Role Based Access Control (RBAC).

### Select Infrastructure metrics with regex

Instana now supports selecting multiple Infrastructure metrics with a regex.

### Technology preview

#### Logs in custom dashboards

Time series, pie chart and big number widgets now support Logs as a data source. Widgets that use the log data source also feature a button, which allows quick access to Unbounded Analytics.

## Improvements

### Added milliseconds resolution to call start time

The value of the call start time that is displayed in the call details panel on the Trace Detail page now includes resolution reduced to milliseconds.

### Additional parameters for GetTraces API

You can now use the optional `includeInternal` and `includeSynthetic` parameters in the [GetTraces](https://instana.github.io/openapi/#operation/getTraces) API to control inclusion of internal and synthetic calls in the filtered output, just like for other APIs that support a `tagFilterExpression` parameter.

### Alert notifications: Incremented alert about end-of-life Ruby runtime

Starting with Ruby sensor 1.6.6, an alert is displayed in the Instana UI when a Ruby runtime that is older than Ruby 3.1 end-of-life (EOL) is detected.

### Automation policies support for smart alerts

Creating policies for various smart alerts such as Global Application Smart Alert, Website Smart Alert, Mobile Application Smart Alert, Infrastructure Smart Alert, Synthetics Smart Alert, and Log Smart Alert is supported.

### Better search in tag or metric catalog

Searching the catalog for tags and metrics yields more relevant results. Previously, searching for the word "namespace" used to return namespace labels for CRI-O and ContainerD as the first results. Now, when you search for "namespace", Kubernetes namespace UID, name, and labels are the first results. Also, search terms are now highlighted. Searching can also be scoped within a category.

### Improved percentage calculation of time data

The percentage of duration for waiting time, self-time, and network time is only calculated if the duration is greater than or equal to one millisecond.

### Improved performance in Analyze Infrastructure

- Loading the entity list is faster when no metrics are selected
- Commonly used tags are optimized for filtering and grouping

### Refine Instana-hosted PoP deployment status

Now, Synthetic monitoring uses the activation queue and deployment status to influence the reported status of the activation of an Instana-hosted PoP. This process prevents the activation from being reported in error status too quickly.

### Search functionality on the Agent Details page

Now you can search for Agent zones on the Agent Details page.

### Service mapping for Db2

Db2 calls are mapped to different service names based on the port and host. The pattern is `Db2@<port> on <host>`.

### Synthetic PoP

The Node.js runtime is upgraded to 18.19.1 in both the JavaScript playback engine and Browserscript playback engine in Synthetic PoP 1.1.7.

### Trace details

You are now informed about the following options:
- Retries when the trace details take longer to load
- Possible causes if the trace cannot be found even after 3 unsuccessful retries

## Fixes

### Monitoring NGINX

The parsing of `geo` blocks in the NGINX configuration files is fixed.

### Synthetic monitoring

 * Now, the filter label on the **Locations** tab in the Synthetic UI is **Type** instead of **Location**.
 * Now, if the Synthetic monitoring Open APIs are used from the UI, the user's Limited access to Synthetic tests is enforced.
 * Now, the datacenter activation message format is correct, allowing for an accurate translation of the message.

## Rewards

Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, visit [Submit review](https://gtnr.io/wg5XjSijw).
