# Build 280

2024-08-19

## Features
### Amazon DocumentDb
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Amazon DocumentDb clusters and instances. For more information, see [Monitoring Amazon DocumentDb](../../ecosystem/aws-documentdb/index.md).

### Azure Application Gateway
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors your Azure Application Gateway. For more information, see [Monitoring Azure Application Gateway](../../ecosystem/azure-applicationgateway/index.md).

### Azure SignalR
Instana now automatically discovers and monitors Azure SignalR instance. For more information, see [Monitoring Azure SignalR](../../ecosystem/azure-signalr/index.md).

## Improvements

### Beta

#### Thresholds for Infrastructure Smart Alerts
Threshold values for the _warning_ and _critical_ severities can be set on the Smart Alert configuration for Infrastructure. For more information, see [Smart Alerts for Infrastructure monitoring](../../infrastructure_monitoring/smart_alerts.md#defining-the-threshold).

### Dropwizard sensor
The Dropwizard sensor now displays a warning on the dashboard when it reaches the metric limit. For more information, see [Monitoring Dropwizard](../../ecosystem/dropwizard/index.md).

### Log Integrations is moved to its own section
In **Team Settings**, **Log Integrations** is moved from the **Log Management** section to a new section called **Integrations**. **Log Integrations** is now found in **Integrations** > **Logging**.

### Spring Batch endpoints
Spring Batch endpoints are now made more stable by removing volatile parts of batch job names like object IDs, lambda IDs, or field values. The new change in Spring Batch endpoints can affect existing Spring Batch endpoint names.

### Synthetic monitoring
The [mssql](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mssql) and [telnet-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/telnet-client) third-party modules are added to the JavaScript playback engine in Synthetic PoP 1.2.4 or later. You can import these modules by using the API script. For more information, see [Importing optional module](../../synthetic_monitoring/api_script.md#importing-optional-module).

### Viewing the ZHMC entities from Infrastructure
To view ZHMC entities in the graph, from the navigation menu in the Instana UI, select **Infrastructure**. To filter the ZHMC entities, in **Infrastructure**, click **Map** and then enter a query in the search field. You can use queries such as `entity.type:zhmc`, `entity.type:zhmc.console`, or `entity.type:zhmc.cpc`.


## Fixes
### Synthetic monitoring
If a Selenium IDE script (.side) included the following commands, the script failed in Synthetic PoP. This issue is fixed in Synthetic PoP 1.2.4 or later. 
- Single quotes in the `editContent` command
- The `assertText` or `verifyText` command with leading or tailing white spaces

### Typo in Oracle tag names
Due to a typographical error in the Oracle tag names, `oracle.sevice.name` is renamed to `oracle.service.name` and `oracle.sevice.names` is renamed to `oracle.service.names`. However, you can still use the old tag names for compatibility with the earlier versions.  

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-compan
