# Build 281

2024-09-02

## Features
### IBM MQ Tracing on IBM i
IBM MQ Tracing for IBM i is now available for public preview. For more information, see [IBM MQ Tracing on IBM i](../../ecosystem/ibmmq/mq_tracing_ibmi.md).

### Mobile app crash analysis
Crash analysis in mobile app monitoring is now generally available (GA). For more information, see [Crash analysis](../../mobile_app_monitoring/crash_analysis.md).

### DBmarlin integration settings
You can now set a link to your DBmarlin instance for bidirectional integration. To configure these integration settings, you must have the new permission for **Configuration of database analysis tool integrations**. For more information, see [DBmarlin](../../ecosystem/dbmarlin/index.md).

### SAP ABAP sensor
This release adds the following features to the SAP ABAP instance dashboard in the Instana UI:

- **Workload Response Time** line chart on the **Summary** tab to visualize system response times.
- **Workload Response Time per step** line chart on the **Summary** tab to visualize the response times for each dialog step.
- Split view of **System Log Statistics** on the **System Overview** tab to display Severity 1 and Severity 2 logs separately.
- Wait time metrics for work processes on the **System Overview** tab to improve performance insights.

## Improvements
### SAP HANA sensor
The SAP HANA sensor now detects the following events with built-in events:
- High Disk usage
- User locks
- Scheduler job failures
- System events
- Archive log backup failures

For more information, see [SAP HANA](../../events_alerts/built-in-events-ref.md#sap-hana).

## Fixes
### SAP ABAP sensor
This release includes the following fixes related to the SAP ABAP sensor:

- The Fiori scorecards view is modified for usability.
- The `UNKNOWN` user metric is no longer displayed in the Instana UI.

## Rewards
Provide a review of Instana to receive a $25 Gift Card. To submit your review, go to [Submit review](https://www.g2.com/contributor/instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link?secure%5Bpage_id%5D=instana-an-ibm-company-25-usd-2-reward-link&secure%5Brewards%5D=true&secure%5Btoken%5D=5f61c4680c043dd462ee268a2e95504e1cec47c239f634889f1a86908d965fa1&utm_source=ibm&utm_medium=CSA&utm_campaign=email)
